lol ok i think u win boredom... im brandy 14 u?
yea
Brandy Kennedy: awe thank you sorry u think ur old :(
who would be watching us chat? lol
lol who says i dont drink?
Brandy Kennedy: but i dont really like beer love malibu though lol :-)
lol well ill try to remember that when i feel like taking a walk LOL
haha nice...wait but would i have to pay for a ride???
well im practically cinderella haha dont worry i dont come with mice though haha
im near there in orcutt  no i live with my sister and no money did u?
my sis is cool shes nice  idk where my dad is and my mom has issues so i dont live with her all the time like now
10th
ive only been here with my sister for like 2 weeks
shes preg and has a bf but he doesnt live here at her house
not really im just kinda here because my mom cant have me there u know?  i can take off usually when shes gone and just like leave her a note or whatever
hahaha but u wont be home so u wont notice its messy lol SD is a nice place
lol and u get home sun?
yea do u have one?
Brandy Kennedy: Thank you!!!  u have a really nice smile :-) i dont play it a lot just sometimes when i was at my cousins
nope just us. i like the halo games
really? i am like scrawny chicken leggs lol
awwww thank you that is sweet way nicer than my last bf who told me i had the legs of a malnourished chicken... ass hole
awww thank u
dont be so mean to urself who cares how old u are?
Brandy Kennedy: wow thanks ur too sweet i dont even know what to say :-) but u made me smile
how much i want to go? and if u are this nice in person that would be cool
Brandy Kennedy: it sounds like u are way more respectful then the guys i know and i love mexican food :-)
its ok im sure you would be good at whatever. im not really picky i just eat when i can whatever it is
im a night owl lol. ill think about it but u really want me to clean ur house?
yea its fun u know
omg nooooo i was really hungry and havent eaten today so i was grabbing a tuna sandwich forward doesnt bother me lol id rather know what ur thinking then having someone lie to me u know
it wasnt enchiladas but its what i had lol
that is really sweet and im really bored... what would we do?
cool do u have original halo? or a different one? my cousin actually had the original
i can even bring some stuff for pics if u still want to do that too
ur not an axe murderer? and u really think im sexy?
its just been like a really long time since anyone called me sexy and i dont think he even meant it he was just saying it cuz he was my bf and i guess thought he should or whatever to make me feel good but not mean it
Brandy Kennedy: thank u :-) im sorry i didnt mean it like ei dont believ u i really do i just dont know what to say when people say it and im just trying to make sure i know whats happening cuz i like to know whwat im getting into u know
i didnt think u would hurt me but im up for anything that doesnt kill me as long as its fun
yea that could be cool what should i wear?
my last bf said i was a great kisser
are u a good kisser?
Brandy Kennedy: my last bf sucked at it lol so yea it would be nice since u probably know what u are doing :-)
i just i dont want to play halo or anything cuzz u know the bf that cant kiss he was always playing with the xbox more than me
doing?
when can u be here? i want to take a shower ive been sweating all day lol
lol i bet ud like it if i showered there huh?
whos going to take care of my cat?
i dont think its too short notice i just want to make sure i wont be bored its a long trip to make u know?
lol how are you gonna keep me from being bored? i get bored easy
im sorry but unless i know what im going to be doing i dont know what to say. im down for whatever but i just want to make sure im having fun
i think so it definitely sounds fun im just not sure what you mean intimate
im not on the pill is that ok?
ive never done that but totally want to
do u want me to shower first? i stilol havent yet
 its on the side of the driveway on the left so u can park there so they dont see us k
come to the side door so the neighbor doesnt see you
my gma didnt reload my minutes but i have text 
Brandy Kennedy: im so excited cant wait to see u :-)
:-) 
im in the bathroom just park in the driveway 
i just dont want the neighbors to see me in this outfit lol 
im finishing my face just come in the side im in the bathroom right there 
im not ready yet i only have one eye done lol but i will just a sec 
no one is home but me so its cool if u want to wait in here 
work 
