heya im good just bored and chattin im in sw ga
whats your asl?
im 15/f/by columbus
atl is a cool city
i only been a couple times
thanks and i hope i dont loo too old i dont wanna look 30 when im 20
oh well im 15 i hope that isnt a prob 
i dunno i had some guy mesage me earlier and he was all you a baby get outta chat so its hard to say
yeah i agree age is just a numbah and color is just a shade
thats cool you cool then some guys on here are jerks
lol its okay aint your fault
lol
you got a pic on prof?
no that stuff never works
that stuff dont work either i gotta firewall thingy
can u email? nahtasha@yahoo.com
thanks sorry :(
cool tell me when u send it
wow nice bed
your cute you look like a cowboy
yw
did you see my other pics or just my pic on prof?
i got too may for that theyre on my myspace and my yahoo pics folder tho wanna link?
http://photos.yahoo.com/nahtasha
lol i like that shirt but my mom dont
that was what i wore when i went to jamaca with her
lol :)
just those ones i wish i had more
oh yeah? thats awesome :)
wow thats a lot
thats cool u gotta n ice one then
cool
i dont got one of those i wish
thats cool im like 15 away from it
i dont give my real town right away cause you never know with guys online u know they could be sereial killers or somethin and this is a really small town were like some of the only black peopl in it
i dunno are they bad?
why wouldnt i if you were nice and we talked more and we got along?
i dunno what u mean no
oh well you do and so do i so who cares?
my dads in jail and i didnt tell my mom about my ex sooooo who cares
he was 19 i met him on vacay on the island
jamaca
yeah
it was okay but he was kinda a playa
months we broke up a while back im over it now 
yah its all good now
now its about findin a guy that cares about me u kno?
or is at least cool to hang with
w/e not a liar like he was
it was but i got tough oer it and im tougher than anyone so its all good
lol sure
like i cant hold on a few minutes? :p
lol its all good
lol i aint got nothin to use it on here :p
lol oh yah youd like that i bet
thats cool its fun
not much just do stuff on the puter not much to do here
i dunno i wish i lived in a real city
lol yah it syour fault of ocourse
yep
oh now u stickin the tonuge out
lol buy me a pony
uh huh :p
lol i just though it was funny to say
thanks
heya blinky
lol u likkkeeeeee me
cause you do :p
lol thats cool
not at all
makes me feel good
thanks
ideal time to meet? anytime this weekend cause my mom is going to my aunts
few days till mon
tomorrow sometime
i dunno im down for w/e what do u wanna do?
thats cool if u could do one thing with me at all and i would say yes what would it be? >:)
lol i guess so unless its like eat worms or somethin
just be honest :p
lol dont kissin always lead somewhere? :p
lol i didnt think u did
lemme think
thanks that so sucked
booters sometimes boot me if im in chat cause im black 
yah so its nice that your nice to me
if i could do one thing with u right now itd just be to chat honest and get to know each other and maybe then i wont be bored all weekend lol
well its a small town not much to do easy to be bored
lol i dunno most of them are white so its probs not okay for them to be atracted to me
lol i guess hard not to feel like im not good for guys when that happens like im not cute and stuff
oh thanks just dont feel that way sometimes
lol thanks for the hug
im thinkin that i like u and i hope u like me a lot in the guy way
lol that u dont wanna go mall shoppin and play barbies with me silly :p
ooo which smiley is that?
yep i just found it
cool
lol no
i dunno be bored probs
what are u gonna do all wekeend?
i can heat up frozen food stuff like pizzas and stuff plus she leaves me cash for stuff
i though u meant cook like the cooking shows where they do crazy stuff i can reheat or heat up anything
oh gotcha
if its simple i can
i can do that pretty good
lol id rather just do that
im thinkin your cool
lol what?
thats cool i havent don ethat
lol i bet u would
lol thats good i dont like stuff when its not fair
oh my ex wasnt very fair
he was a lazy guy
oh he just wanted everything done to him u kno? guys are like that
like he didnt want to do back
oh sex stuff
yeah iw ouldnto tho unless he did me so we just did reg
yah
yah like i shouldnt have to say do this do that or this or that the guy is suposed to be the guy
i dunno if i enjoy it i aint done it yet
nope we just did reg
yah of course
lol ooohhhhh wow
lol i doubt id do that! 
lol u wouldnt let me do that now u playin
lol i dont beleve that
wow that sounds cool
thats cool to say but i bet u wouldnt really do that lol
lol i bet im not
lol thats BIG talk
thats cool i hope u do
because it sounds cool
lol not cool hot :p
thats cool im glad u like me tat way makes me feel good 
lol u keep sayin when and yeah if u did that id be down for w/e
depends on if or when for u really im down for w/e
okay
welcome back
i dont know my mom is gone till mon so the weekend would be cool
huh i dunno but anytime the weekend is good
huh? 
why wouldnt u stay here?
lol u dont know my town theres like nobody here
its a stupid small town
yeah i mean its a big place im at and were not even friends with peple in town so its not a big deal
nah that wouldnt happen i wouldnt even think about it if it was poss
if u wanna i mean im bored all weekend otherwise and u kinda got me all goin a bit lol
lol dont say sorry :p
like the cops and stuff?
lol i havent seen that is it like on cops the show?
oh weird i havent seen those
thats weird so they do that in ga?
like the tv stuff u saw?
oh okay
well im not a cop or w/e
lol no im just bored im not a cop
i dunno thats a good question
lol lemme go to the bathroom and think about that ill brb u gonna be here?
heya sorry mom wanted to gab at me about where the cash is and stuff before she left
u still there?
cool :)
well what time do u get off work?
oh just thinkin about u coming :)
if thats what you wanna do i dont wanna be stood up
depends what time u get off tho and stuff
like 1 pm
yah should be all good :)
7 works for me what kinda car u drive?
cool
just wanna know what to look for :) im excited
ill give ya my addy and u can map it 
*Addy Removed* 
u map it?
cool u got a good idea how to get there? its pretty small lol
yep by columbus
lol yah told u this town is borin
pretty far
its a big house we live in its cool
my dad went to jail like when i was 2 and my dads dad my granddad set us up in the house and my mom and he pay for it
that way were taken care of
so yeah its a cool house town kinda sucks but the house is nice youll like it
u want me to call u while you drivin?
at your work?
cool go ahead ill call
i know that silly your email said so
ill def call
prob after 1 cause thats when she leaves
def by 2
ill call either way so dont worry bout that
just take the map so u can find it
cool
im thinkin about how cool itll be when your here and were having fun :p
what are u thinkin about?
nice aww you so sweet
okay have a nice sleep i hope u think of me :p
lol thats true okay u get a good rest then :)
cool i might i might not it depends if i can get on the puter before she leaves she might wanna hang for a bit with me before she go
also depends on when i wake lol
cool ill def call
talk to u tomorrow and see u too :)
;;)
