hi a/s?
12/f/ms, almost 13
ya, people my age r borin and stoopid
ty btw
just a sec, checking ur pic
lol, ill check 4 myself
not quite, its a biig pic
got it now, ur cute, im in Jxn
y u wanna kno?
im bored too
i dun do talkin dirty over the phone or nothin
don't do it, its borin 2 me
i like kissin
naw, never, u?
ive only been on yahoo a little while, so i never met any1 off it
mebbe
oldest bf i had was like 19
they didnt kno
and ill call u like l8r, i wanna get 2 kno u b4 i call
well, like, whats ur name?
im becky
nice 2 meet u too dan
swimming, hanging out, goin to the movies, that sort of thing
me 2...i think it will be good from the preview i saw on TV
tehee, id like 2 see how good of a kisser u r 2
i havent had n e complaints either, but ive only kissed like 2 guys
u mean like some guy she didn't kno grabbed her butt?
i dunno wat would happen if some guy did that 2 me
like wat i would do
in a minute, k hun? I gotta grab a coke
btw, b4 i call can i add u?
thanks
im just goin and grabbin the phone
601, rite?
ya
im lookin for the phone card
true, but mom will see the number i called if i dont use a phone cartd
naw, the cordless
they do, mom asks for a bill w/ all the numbers called
mom forwards her calls to her cellie when shes out of the house
still lookin
naw, just let me call u
y didnt u answer and find out?
found it, calling now, k hun?
yah, 601-953-4578 rite?
k, just makin sure
ya
fone is almost dyin
ya
I didnt want the battery 2 run out, mom would b mad
im gonna run back down and put it on the charger okies?
okies back
i liked talking 2 u too
u got a cute voice 2
ty
naw, just the cordless
wat?
wat would we do when we met?
kewl
hehe i wanna see how good of a kisser u r 2
i think so
ah, ya, now i know where ur talkin about
ill tell u l8r, ok?
like im kinda scared about giving out where i live 2 people on here, if u kno what i mean
im thinkin we dun have 2 meet like 2day or anythin
moms coming home soon 2day anyway, like in half an hour or so
like next week is prolly better 4 me, coz the holiday is coming soon and all that
will u b on 2morrow?
when will u be on next hun, coz i really gotta go
and i wanna talk 2 u again soon
mebbe 2morro, k hun?
bye
i dun wanna go either, but i have 2
mom just got home and she needs me 2 help her
ill do my best, ok hun?
ok, bye hun
hey hun
what?
aww thanx
kewl
i have fun w/ u too
shes here in bed atm
at the moment
no, she's in the next room
i helped her pack the groceries away, and then i had 2 help her pull some weeds
I gots one more, just lemme find it okies?
ok, got it
accept it hun
ty
thanks
naw, sorry
teehee maybe so ;)
of course i missed u, did u miss me?
i didnt...and i aint thinking bout nothin, what u thinkin bout?
curious about what?
what do u want to be sneaky about?
noooo...i dun wanna wake her up
noo...i dun wanna...im skeered ill wake her up
18 <-- btw, what did u mean by this?
ya, but u kno i ain't 18
ya i do, i like guys with jobs and cars and stuff, ppl my age r boring and stupid, i like ppl who can buy me things
well, how about a stuffed animal, like a stuffed koala bear if u can find one, those r cute
tehee
never done that b4
u mean w/ a koala?
I was gonna say ive never cuddled a guy like all nite the way ur talkin bout
id like 2 try it
i dunno, what would u wanna do?
i dunno n e thin about that sort of stuff
what would u wanna teach me?
well ive kissed guys b4
what other stuff do u wanna show me?
never had 1 b4
ooo, kewl
ya
kewl
sure, u could
that sounds good
it would be
i dunno, like mebbe next week some time, like after the holiday, sound good?
not during the week, shes taking vacation time
well, shes goin to vegas like next weekend
no-one
sure, i guess, if u wanted 2
ill tell u some time this week, ok, i dun want u coming to see me during the week when my moms still here
well, if we dun talk again we can wait till mom starts back up to work again, okies?
south part
y u wanna kno?
ok, it's byram
i only moved to this house a few weeks ago, so i dunno much yet either
ah, okies, i really havent been out of the house enuff to tell u where much is here
like i said, we can talk this week sometime
or u can come online
well, what time u gonna come on?
i can make sure ill b on then
ok then
well, ill just make sure im on a lot this week so i can catch u at some time okies?
if i dun c you i guess ill have 2
but thatll only b like as a last resort, ok hun?
what?
:*
i like talkin 2 u on the fone too...but we cant talk on the phone all the time, coz i have 2 use phone cards and all that
i'd like 2 try all the stuff u talked about
a little, y?
is there somethin else u would like 2 try?
well, just kissin and makin out and stuff, what is it u wanna try?
i wouldn't mind tryin that
ell, what would u rather?
well, id do that then
i think it would prolly
awww thanks
i dunno n e thin about that stuff, u seem 2 be the one who knos stuff...so wat do u wanna do w/ me?
i dunno...what would u wanna do?
sounds good
ok
like nighttime stuff, like a shirt and shorts, and underwear, y?
thanks
sorry, u cant...no cam or n e thin
well, ive never been real naughty b4
mebbe
how do u mean?
mebbe, how far do u mean?
like how far?
never done that b4...and i wouldnt mind tryin it w/ u
i dunno n e thin about that stuff...brb
ya
bathroom
wat else do u wanna teach me?
what do u want me 2 learn?
nothin, what about u?
so were u
u r, thats sweet
i wanna kiss u too
ill blow u a kiss from here :*
mebbe
a little
no
ur like bein weird
like u were talkin about what u wanted to do when we met...like is there n e thin else u wanna do?
ya, its pretty good, wat movie?
dun have many dvds...cant think of n e which movie do u wanna see?
what is it?
sure, whats the idea?
noooo, i dun wanna call u and wake mom up
noooo...mom will hear me talk
noooo
sowwy
im scared of waking mom up, im sorry...shed freak
no, id like 2 kiss u, and id like 2 try all the stuff u talked about
u were just freakin me out when u told me 2 rub myself, thats what old pervy like 60 year olds who wanna cyber w/ u do
we cool
not now
mebbe
if u dun come online, ill think u dun wanna talk 2 me
well, be more convincing, if u dun come on, ill just think u changed ur mind
well, make sure u come online, ill be here pretty much every day
ok
bye hun :*
promise
hey hun
how r u?
not too bad
not much really, had a pretty quiet day, how about u?
ya, im at home
r u?
kewl
shes at home 2, shes watching tv
naw, shes just been home a lot this week, shes on vacation from work
i wish i could see u 2
friday nite i think
sunday nite, like late sunday nite i think
well, i dunno if i can, but i have 2
what u thinkin?
nooo...i wanna spend a good amount of time w/ u...mom will expect me back soon if i go 4 a walk or somethin
my mom goes away 4 the weekend like once a month, thats wat we usually waited 4
we broke up, he cheated on me w/ some girl
a friend told me she saw him at the mall w/ some girl and he was kissin her
naw, i never tell her n e thin
coz i dun want her 2 kno who my bf is or n e thin
shed prolly say im 2 young to be datin and stuff, she still treats me like a kid
u cant see me 2day im real sorry
coz mom will know im gone...and shell be expecting me back like soon...and if I dun get back soon shell ground me
sowwy
coz if i only spend a minute w/ u i wont want u to go, and thatll suck
we can wait
definatley cant tomorrow its the holiday, all moms family r coming for a barbecue
wait a little while, like a little l8r 2nite i think ill be able 2, okies?
ill wait till shes real interested in whats on tv, and go down and take the cordless
naw, nowhere has payphones n e more, coz every1 (except me) has a cellie nowadays
all the stuff u said 2 me when u last talked 2 me
well, im kinda curious, what r the sort of things that guys like girls 2 do 4 them?
i dunno, like i said, what kinds of things do u like girls 2 do 2 u?
im just curious abt the stuff guys like girls to do...i just wanna kno
well, i liked the sound of the back massage, that sounded pretty kewl
well, u talked about takin my shirt off 2
like, what would u wanna do after u took my shirt off?
never used lotion b4
naw
hed come over for a little while, wed watch a movie usually, and wed kiss and make out a little, and then hed go
it wuz
no
i kno, but i dun have 1
me 2
nothin really, what about u?
ya
ur bein quiet 2
im still thinkin about backrubs, and im all curious abt the other stuff u like girls 2 do
sure i can do that
no, its ok, say what u want
i wont think n e thin bad about u
how do u mean?
well, what would u want me 2 do?
n e thin else?
sure
but no matter what u say i wont think ur an old perv..ur a sweet nice guy
not at all...im wearing a shirt and shorts...just dun tell me 2 rub myself or n e thin pls
thanks
kewl...i ain't wearin socks or shoes...didnt go outside today
ah, i have on underwear too
um, its white bikini panties, and a white bra
nothin really interestin i kno
i guess, i just dunno y u wanna kno is all
ok then
i dunno...btw, what do u want me to wear on saturday when we see each other?
well, what colors do u want me to wear, and like, do u want me 2 wear a skirt or shorts or what?
ok then...like i have a few skirts, what kinda skirt?
ya i got a couple of short ones
i got a black one which goes abt halfway down my thigh, and a blue 1 which is a little shorter than that
i got tops which go well with both of them...like i got a white one w/ blue on it goes with the blue one, and i got a black one which goes well w/ the black one
u want me 2 wear the spagetti strap 1?
okies, well thats the white one w/ blue...so ill wear the blue skirt
ya...so u want me 2 wear the shorter 1?
ok i will
what r u gonna wear?
well, what do u like 2 wear durin summer? T-shirt and shorts?
well, that will do, like a white t-shirt and shorts w/ flip flops will do
nah, i dun sorry, mom wont buy them 4 me
i dunno, never worn 1 b4
i dunno guess my mom is weird some ways
well, i guess so...but i dunno how they feel
sure, if u wanna, r u bringing my koala bear too?
well, i remembered i asked if u would buy me 1 and u said yes
okies, if u cant find one its ok, but koala bears r real cute
if u want me 2
i will
how abt black?
brb bathroom
size 0
if u wanna u can
ya
if u wanna get me the matching top u can
what size do u mean, like normal shirt size?
u mean bra? okies, that's 30a
aww thanks
how do u mean?
y dun u think u will see?
if u want me 2
if u would enjoy it ill do it 4 u
like if u promise not to laugh at me when i model
promise?
what is it u wanna do 4 me?
i dunno...what sort of things do guys like girls 2 do 4 them?
and what sort of things do girls like guys 2 do 4 them?
what do u mean?
i dun remember bringin that up, but girls like that do they?
ah, okies
so u wanna do that 4 me?
i guess so
well, u can come to my place, we can watch a movie...like maybe...'pirates of the carribbean' like the first one, not the new one, i got it on DVD...then we can snuggle 2gether on the couch
i will tell u on wednesday okies hun, if ur not online wednesday ill call u and tell u
not rite now, mom is cooking dinner and will prolly be calling me down in like 10 minutes...a little after dinner, okies hun?
no
ya
but l8r, okies hun? like at a time my mom wont know im callin u
coz shell be watching tv and wont see me or hear me comin down 2 grab the phone
ya i guess i am ;)
ya i do
a lot
very bad
as long as u want me 2
like my ex i kissed for like 10 minutes at once
that sounds good hun
that sounds real good
i was saying i can give u a real quick call rite now
i have ur number still
i think, 601-896-3589, rite?
no, ur dan, rite?
grabbing the phone
got it...now imma call, okies?
ya
wb
no
nooo...im goin in a few minutes anywayz, imma go watch titanic
ill see if i can go and get it, okies?
but i can't like just call u all the time
u gotta understand that hun
i can give u a call real quick now, but no more calling 4 a couple of days, okies?
or i can give u directions online tomorrow or somethin...its prolly easier that way
no...i gotta go down and get the fone first
ugh i can't get it, mom was standing rite next 2 the fone when i went down 2 get it
ok, imma go down and watch titanic now hun, ok, nite :*
u 2
ill be back on when the movie finishes k hun?
bye
it wuz pretty good, hows urs?
not at all
i was busy earlier, all moms family were here, we had a bbq...some of em r still here, but not many n e more
lol nah im lettin them have their fun
i dunno if ill be able 2 get the phone tho
ill try in like 20 minutes okies?
i been thinkin bout us 2
thinkin bout watchin the movie w/ u, spending time w/ u
no i didnt all i saw was the pic of u w/ the doggy
aw that kitty is cute
so r u
cant wait to hold u either
what do u want me 2 do 4 u?
well, im happy 2 do anythin u wanna do, long as u like tell me what u wanna do
well, i am to pls u coz i really like u, i think ur a real nice cute, sweet guy
ya
just a sec...im gonna go grab a coke, okies?
ill try
k back...couldn't get the phone sorry...just as i went down my mom's brother was goin 2 the fridge 2 grab a beer
btw, the question about my last bf, ya, all he wanted to do is kiss, it sucked
i dunno, i just wish he was more into me
be more into me you know be intemate and just be nice he wasnt so nice and he cared more about vid games lol
ya things like we talked about...and like i wanna kno what other stuff guys like 2 do w/ girls and all
well, i want u 2 teach me...and i wanna kno what they r
i cant wait 2 see u either
loll how long would it take? is there like a menu you got or something?  youre like mcdonalds
im thinkin that sounds kewl, but i dunno, i dun wanna get hurt or n e thin
no-one, well, no-one did while she was gone the last few times
her bf does, but hes goin w/ her
hes leavin his car here tho, so therell be a car in the garage when u get here, but ill be the only one inside, i promise
pain sucks tho, i still wanna see that menu tho lol
the garage has a door u can pull up in the driveway and walk 2 the front door
i told u already
ya
ya, ill do it
ok, ill remember 2 leave it
i wanna see that menu tho hun :P
what do u mean by everythin?
i said id do it 2morrow, remember?
tell me about the menu :P
no, here is better
ive lived in Jxn 4 as long as i can remember...but my mom told me i was born in FL
ya, i wear it 2 go swimming, y?
kewl. what else is on it?
brb, bathroom
are u expensive?
whats it taste like lol?
what do u taste like?
u taste like cherries? ur crazy. what r u talkin bout?
ya
ill talk 2 u at 4 tomorrow, ok?
hey hun
pretty quiet, we got up late and stayed home all day
i couldnt do it hun, the weekend isnt that far away n e ways
will u be on l8r hun?
im hangin out w/ my friend 2morrow
ya i was..thanx 4 the offlines tho
her place...her dad will b home tho, and he would tell my mom and she would freak
nah, imma tell her 2morrow
nooo...i wasnt gonna do that
i was jus gonna tell her that i got a really kewl sweet cute new bf
i havent told n e 1 about u yet, but if she asks, ill tell her the truth that we met online
i dunno, ill find out when i tell her i guess
well, what else is on it?
well, wats the appetizer?
wats the main course?
wats desert?
how do u mean?
well i like the sound of everythin
u didnt run me off at all hun, yahell booted me and it wouldnt let me get back on
ya
sowwy yahoo booted me hun, but it sux like that sometimes :(
ill try
brb
just went down, mom is on the phone, i think 2 her bf...dunno how long shell be
ya im here
i dun wanna tell u till moms gone...btw whats ur favorite part 2 kiss?
ive never been kissed all over b4
im skeered u will, ur always talkin bout meetin up early
but whats ur fave place 2 kiss, u never told me
i cant believe u dun understand y i wont tell
wb
shes 14, y?
shes in 8th
no...im goin into 7th this year
i think so
i went down 2 check
she has it still
its ok
well, the appetizer and the main course sound good, but i wanna kno what desert is b4 i order it
no
well, u seem like u want dessert
i dun think bad of u
but ur bein all sketch abt what u want, and it makes me nevous that you are tryin to hide what u want from me cauz maybe u want something i dont got
u were talkin about lyin down naked just a few minutes ago
nah, im all comfortable talkin 2 u
brb bathroom
ya, mom is still on the phone
i dun like surprises, i like bein prepared better
heres a question 4 u...if u could do like anythin, anythin u want w/ me and id say yes, what would u wanna do? i wanna be prepared
no...thats not 2 much
what does it feel like?
kewl, if it feels good
one sec pls
im off siwell rd in Byram, ill tell u the rest 2morrow or friday okies?
i can call u and tell u it when mom leaves
i will e-mail it 2 u 2 on friday, okies? and call u and tell u it 2 make sure u get it
promise...it will prolly be around 3pm on fri when i call, if thats okies w/ u
ya, r u?
really really excited
well, what time do u wanna show up on sat?
well, how about 11:30, im usually awake and showered by then
im not sure, ill ask mom later okies? what kind of car is urs?
im just thinkin, might be easier if u let urself in
course i will be
where do u want me waiting?
if u want me 2 be
if u want me 2 be in bed waitin 4 u i will be
ill go down and check on the phone now, okies?
shes almost off, i can tell, so i can call in a little bit, okies?
just a coupla minutes
they're into the \"you hang up\" \"no you hang up\" stuff
where r u hun?
u said ud log back on after we got off the phone
its okies, ur prolly tryin and cant get on, ill call u on friday, and email u
no im good...ciomputer is bein slow
i look forward 2 talkin to u 2
i kno, ive talked to n e 1 like u either
brb hun need 2 grab a coke
i got one, we can have 1 each 2gether on saturday :)
well, she doesnt like guard the phone, she just has it in a place where she can see it where she usually is if u kno what i mean
but i mean she doesn't like stand right next to it at all times lol
btw, my moms bfs car isnt gonna b in the garage n e more...she says theyre goin 2 his place first so shes leavin her car there
and ill remember to leave the plastic cup in the driveway 4 u
well, imma call u tomorrow with the directions, and e-mail them 2 u, remember?
well, u could park in the drive
but u can park in the garage if u wanna
doesnt really matter, we dun kno the neighbours yet really...we only been in this house a little
clinton, we moved over to byram when this house was finished
its kewl, like i said, i dun kno the place that well yet, and i gotta go 2 a knew school when it starts up again, so i guess ill get to kno if i like the place or not
but it seems okies so far
y u wanna kno?
well, i start at byram middle school when school starts back up again in august
well ill find out what its like in August i guess
brb gonna go down and check on the phone okies?
phone is taken
clinton park elementary, u prolly havent heard of it
it sucked, the teachers were stupid and the kids were dumber
she goes to the grocery store every saturday, and she gets out a lot, but she says shes stayin at home all the time this week coz its her vacation time from work
like she took the whole holiday week off
well, u only have 2 wait 2 days hun, its only 2 more sleeps :)
i kno, but we got a lot of time hun, it isnt too far away im gettin all excited about it already
guzundheit 
seein u of course...spendin time w/ u...how about u?
btw, did u find the koala bear 4 me?
kewl, its okies if u cant
thanks, ur soo sweet
thanks
well, u said u were gonna buy me somethin else 2, remember?
i remembered it
ya i want it
well, coz i wanna wear it 4 u...so u can see how i look in it
i never worn 1 b4...so im a littl nervous...but u said ud promise not 2 laugh
thanx
i like u because ur such a nice, sweet, fun, cute guy
coz ppl my age r borin and stupid all they wanna do is play pokemon and talk abt american idol
and i like guyz who can buy me things
ya
well, how about some mikes hard lemonade, i tried that and it tastes good lol
at one of my friends back in clintons places, like at my old school
her mom didnt care...she was the 1 who gave it 2 us
ya
all he cared abt was video games...he wuz pretty borin really
i was gonna say that i think he wuz just w/ me so he could tell his friends he had a gf or somethin
well, i kept askin him what else he wanted to do and he was all like 'nothin, im happy just doin this' like when we were watchin a movie or somethin
ya, mebbe...but like y does it matter what happened w/ my ex? im w/ u now :)
i like 2 listen 2 u too
like how does a great guy like u stay single?
well, how did u stay single b4 u had me?
ah okies...and well, abt the question u asked, well, i just wished he was like more into me
it wuz like he didnt wanna spend n e more time more w/ me then he did
i kno
I wanna spend as much time as i can w/ u 2, as much time as i can w/out gettin into trouble w/ my mom
shed ask y i needed 2 go to a movie w/ a friend when i spent some time w/ my friend 2day...like earlier 2day
well im jus lookin forward 2 saturday, spendin 1 second w/ u would really suck i think, coz id like wanna spend so much more time w/ u
no, i think saturday will be great if its the first time we meet, i think it would b better that way...
brb bathroom
i just think its really kewl that the first time we meet we get 2 like spend all day 2gether
well, i told her about u how sweet and cute u were, and how u were 26, and she said that the was really kewl
no, not at all, she thinks most younger ppl r dumb too
i didnt tell her sat, i told her we were gonna meet up pretty soon, she thought that sounded good
me2
ya
lemme think
i can call u, i promise ill call u some time on sat mornin to make sure ur goin the right way
ill see what i can do, but ill call u on sat like while ur on ur way, i could prolly call u when u get close 2 my place and direct u the way
how about we say 1120 or so?
11? okies
how do u mean?
ya
lots of things
well, shes done all the stuff we talked about, u know like rubbing and kissing on the privates
she said they felt good
ya, she said it felt good, and it kinda got me curious
like 6 months ago or so she said
thats when she told me about it
he was 20
i dun think so...well, she hasnt said n e thin in a while abt him
she met him at the mall or somethin i think
it is kinda
i gotta reboot hun, my comp is actin funny
itll be only a coupla minutes, my computer takes a little while 2 load stuff
ill see, okies?
ya, it shouldnt take 2 long
talk 2 u soon hun :*
okies
ya
she didnt tell me much
she said they'd touched and kissed down there, like u and me talked about
no, she told me about this like months ago...i was just sayin it was like we talked about
like the kissin on the privates, she said that felt really good
i know
u told me yesterday
ya, u told me yesterday u wanted to kiss me on the privates, and i think that sounds good
ya
i like bubble baths
if u wanted me 2
well, i would if u wanted 2
i did?
noones said that b4...i thought u sounded cute
i did u got like the cute accent thats not like totally a southern accent, but like kinda a soft one if u kno what i mean
i like that one better than the really like strong southern one
lol
upstairs
its got blue walls, the bed is pretty good size, i need a good size bed coz i toss and turn when i sleep
when i was 8 i fell outta bed coz i was tossin and turnin so much lol
ya it hurt coz we had wood floors
i dun understand either, i mean, theres casinos in biloxi, but she says she likes vegas coz its all pretty w/ all the big lites and all
naw, she goes w/ her bf for fun really
she works at a law firm in Jxn
what do u do?
kewl, u like fix em?
ah, okies, is that fun?
coz i dunno wat i wanna do when i grow up
i kno, im thinkin i might like bein a vet, coz i like animals
i dunno how much time is left on the phone card hun, okies, ill find that out first b4 i call u
coz i need 2 call u on friday and sat 2
it shouldnt be 2 hard when i give u directions
like 15 minutes, and ill prolly have to use all of those 4 u on tomorrow and sat
my dad sent it 2 me...i use it 2 call him sometimes
hes in memphis
only a really quick one tho, okies?
i will
it was
u pickin on me abt my accent was funny
i kno, i like jokin w/ friends 2
and w/ ppl who r more than friends like u ;)
exactly
ya, that was cute
i kno, u didnt creep me out
I want to hug u when u get here first then i wanna kiss u, then i wanna kiss u some more, how about u?
it does
well, we could watch the movie next and cuddle and kiss some more
hm, i could give u a backrub next
then u could give me one
well, ur turn next...what do u wanna do after that?
like a little over 80
5'
kewl
ya it would b
um well, we could try that kissing on the privates u talked about
mebbe my room, thats prolly best
ya
a little...not a lot
not unless u got real small hands i think
prolly about that...dunno never tested
if u wanted 2
nooo...computer is just bein stupid and slow
no ur not
oh, u meant ur gettin hot there, i thought u meant u were sayin 2 much, ur not
mebbe a little
u seen my pro pic and the 1 i sent u rite?
well thats all i got sorry
no silly i was openin the file transfer thingy up
thanks
cant wait 2 kiss urs either
that all sounds good
ya i tried that b4 its good
w/ tongue
kewl
ok
that sounds good
i wasnt typin...im gonna say u could kiss me n e where u wanted 2
where would u wanna kiss me?
kewl
kewl
ya
ya
really bad
i think i am, but i want u 2 say first so i kno
ok
ooo
ya
kewl
i wanna kno what ur thinkin first
i ask do what now?
no, i want u to keep talkin bout what u were talkin bout, i think u were talkin bout kissin my privates
well, what would u wanna do after u kissed my privates?
kewl
like what?
i dun wanna get pregnant or ne thin
oh okies
ill check, i dun think we do tho
try what?
ah okies
ive never ridden a horse b4
well u could bring the vaseline if u wanted
brb hun, need 2 go to the bathroom
im back
that sounds good
id like 2 try that
ya
ok hun, ill call too
bye
