hey :)  asl please?
well hey patrick :)  i'm Katie, 13, utah
lolz thanx - same here!  Did you have a fun day?
it was ok i guess - kinda boring, lol. I was just in school.
Got to hang out with my friends after though whch was fun
yeah :)
girls- there was like 3 of us
yeah, we had fun, my one friend just bought these cute new jeans so we was all like trying them on lolz
yeah lolz, i wanna get a pair for me too
and some cute new winter boots
but i gotta babysit some more though before i can get those
yup but christmas is coming too so hopefully santa will bring me some cashito lol
well of course! lolz.... i'm a good gurl
ya..... lolz...... i'm not really good all the time, but we won't tell lolz
nope lol
so did you have your dinner yet?
no not yet. I just got in from my friends place and i thought dinner would be ready but i think mom must have gone to the neighbor ladys house
so what did you eat? anythin yummy?
oh well they're yummy.. i love their meatball marina ones
which one did you hav?
so you're kinda stinky right now lolz
just teasing ya ;)
are you sure? coz you probably got like tuna breath or something
k... lick the back of your hand then smell it!
kinda gross huh lolz
so have you ever like been to utah?
its kinda boring huh lolz
Las Vegas sounds way more cool
i've been there a couple times and it was fun. We went school shopping ther this summer. it was like soooooooo hot
it was well fun tho
so what you doin tonight?
not much. i got homework to do and i gotta a  take a shower then read some of my book
kinda boring night i guess lol
yeah huh. schools ok but i just get kinda bored there. i cant wait til i can finish and go travel to really cool places
yeah - Dad thinks i should go into like the army or something but i dunno what i'd do
thats like forever away though anyways
so its like thanksgiving next week and I get 4 days off school - yay!!!
4 days i can sleep in lolz
yeah, i'm well excited. 
i hate getting up early
so what do u like to do? 
like for fun n stuff
lol - wow, thats like a lot of stuff, that's really cool
you sound really fun :)
lolz yw :)
so i'm gonna have to go in a minute coz i just heard mom come in downstairs
can i add you so we can chat again?
k, hang on :)
so did it like work?
yay lol
yeah
i got dads old one
its not the best but its ok for homework and chat n stuff
sure, id like that, i might not be able to tonight though coz moms home but like a couple times a week they both work late
i dont wanna get in trouble for being on here ya know lol
i'll get my butt spanked
lol, well itd still hurt
lol
boyfriend or best friend? lol
yeah i'm kinda not allowd to have one that mom and dad know about lolz. i gotta be 16 to date they said
yeah they like making rules n stuff
yeah i guess, whatever... lol
so what do you wanna chat about? coz i figure i'll just keep chatting til mom yells at me for dinner
i dunno.... pre-algebra i guess lolz.... and those cute new jeans i tried on today lolz
lol i dunno, they fit real well. see thats the cool thing about my frriend, shes the same size as me, so i can like borrow her stuff lol
yeah
its like i got 2 closets ya know lol
so what kinda music do you like to listen to?
kewl. i like lots of stuff too - i like the Top 40 stuff best though, but i'll listen to whateva
i like to dance
do u?
kewl. i LOVE to dance. I like turn the music up real loud when i'm home alone and dance in the kitchen lolz
yeah, its fun :)
yup lol
so what tv do you watch?
kewl. Do you like two and a half men?  that was on last night, it was so funny
i think itd be fun to live in a house like charleys, like on the beach, thatd be real cool
i could swim every day after school then
i wanna learn to surf some day too
do you like the beach?
oh how kewl! did you like live near the ocean?
awwww how fun, wish i did. utah weather like really sux mud
its so cold here right now
oh hey, moms calling so i gotta run
or she'll be up here trying to see what i'm doing
when are you like online?
kewl. i'll look for you again soon.  have a fun night patrick. talk 2 u soon :)
:-h
byeeeeee
awwwww hey you!
im doing good today thanks - n u?
we are having the suckiest weather ever!
its really windy and has been raining tons
yeah not really huh coz i still gotta walk my dog :(
yeah we got back a bit ago though but i got kinda wet and now i stink like wet dog
blah lol
so what you been doing since we last chatted? anyting fun?
awww well something musta been fun?
isn't your work fun?
i cant wait to work, i bet its way more fun than school
yeah huh... and no homework! lol
so what you doing today?
kewl, me too
:)
lol
i went shopping with mom today coz its grammys birthday tomorrow
yeah - we never agree on stuff to buy though
i thought we shud get gramy an ipod or something but mom ended up with like candles and bath stuff
which is cool i gues, but i thought an ipond was way more fun and that way i could borrow it ;)
lol, i dunno, my grammy is kinda cool, shes way more tech-savy than my ,mom and dad
so  i only have like 3 more days at school then i get 4 off for thanksgiving yay!
yea, cant wait
i love thanksgiving food mmmmmmmm
whats your favorutite kinda pie?
lol - mud pie?????
you mean the kind you make like outside whe you're a kid? lol
ooooh i getcha, like chocolate fudge or something?
mmmm yum thats cool, that sounds kinda good, I don't know that i've ever had a mud pie
you reminded me of last year's summer fair thing in my town when we did the mud slide thing
it was soooo col
lol, like what? 
errrrr ok lol coz we had like a large hole in the ground they had dug with a big digger thing and then they filled it with water til it got all slippy and slimy then everyone just piled in and threw mud and stuff, it was sooooooo crazy 
I like the sound of your mud pie though
mmmm now you have me wanting some chocolat! lol
so you seen any movies lately?
ooooh yeah it does. I think its pg13 right? 
kewl, mom usually makes us go to a movie on thanksgiving so perhaps i'll see if we can go see that one, that would be cool
do you like harry potter? have you read the books?
hey sorry - i got dumped
u there? :)
oh yum! what flavor?
mmmm my favourite. I like lotsa cheese though
mmmm my favourite. I like lotsa cheese though
lol
sure :)
save me a piece ;)
kewl :)
i gotta run for a bit and eat my dinner though.
will u be online in a bit?
kewl, can we chat later?
kewl, bye sweety, see u soon :)
hey, im back :)
:d
yay!! 
dinner kinda sucked though lol
how was your pizza?
kewl, did you save me a slice?
thanks lol
I had leftovers
it was ok, some shrimp pasta thing mom made a couple days ago
yeah, not my favourite. but ok lol
so what u gonna do for th rest of the night? i dont much like the winter nights when its dark real early
im probly gonna make a bubble bath and try to finish my book
yeah, mom has one of the big tubs with the jets and she has some nice bubble bath - coconut flavor mmmm
it makes good bubbles
lol? 
lol ive never done that
yeah its a really big tub so i just like sink down and let the bubbles get really big - the jets make a lot of bubbles!
lol yeah it is i guess
do u like baths?
yeah i have a shower before school but baths are my favourite
especially in winter when its like real cold outside
so u watchin tv or something tonight?
do u like ncis?
aww cool me too
i thought of u coz this week was the one in las vegas
did u see the one with the cat and the parrot?
awww that sux. it was really funny. u should try and watch it online if u can. it was good
i dont like the blood and stuff much but i like the show
does stuff like that really happen in las vegas?
yeah i guess. we hear about bad stuff in salt lake city a lot but my town is really small so not much happens here
so what else do u wanna chat about? 
errr i did? lol
i dont remember 
ok lol
so whats like your most favourite thing to do ever
wheres like the best place you've been?
really? i went there once, it was soooo cool
thts the one in california right?
oh ok then coz i always get that one mixed up with the one near utah
i like national parks theyre kinda cool places
have u been to zion?
I hiked the angels landing this summer with my aunt, omg thats like a really long way!
hav u done it?
oh its sooooo cool. it tok us forever but its a cool hike. it was sooooo big at the top, like u could see forever, it was neat
yeah i was kinda scared id fall off lol
we laid on our tummys and looked over the edge - well cool!
yeah :)  u like hiking?
aww thats cool. theres lots of really neat places to camp in utah. we have pretty mountains
thats what sux about winter coz u cant do that kinda stuff 
I don't much like winter in case you hadn't guessed lol
lol :)
do u get snow where u live?
cool. do u like it?
brb k
ok i back, i got my bath started runninng water :)
boo..... :-*
where'd u go?
ok night sweety - im gonna go enjoy my bath :)
boo! lol
lol... hey you ;)  how are you doin today?
totally awesome!
I didn't have school today... i totally spaced until last night lol when mom reminded me
yeah, it was fun. i got to go out and play in the snow. it is so cold here
lol - thats not cold! lol.  
dad made me wear my snow coat today - it only got to like 31
yeah, i got kinda warm when we were playing though
yeah, i only came in about a bit ago and my face and hands are burning now, i got so cold
lol, thats cool. moms making me go to walmart with her in a bit anyways
have a totally awesome thanksgiving :)
eat lots of yummy food, k lol
talk soon :)
i hope anyways lol
awesome
byeeeeeeee :-*
hey u :-)
hey you :)    Sorry I havent been on much lately... i kinda got in trouble and had my computer privelges taken away, but anyway, though id say hi.  katie :)
hey! :)
im doing real good now that ur here :)  i missed talking to u :)
not much.. just homework n stuff
yeah, not really lol
so what u been doing anyways?
awwww u hav? what do u do?
cool :)
i dunno.... what about you? coz we can chat about whatever you want
u choose
lol.... what?
lolz.... ur cute
so tell me whats on ur mind...
oh... lol... like wot?
awwww really?
so like tell me what you've been thinking about
yeah :)
what?
lolz
mmmmm well.... i dunno exactly... lolz
probly but im not sure
i dunno, i bet i have.... i think i know what ur saying... r u really thinking about that?
for realz?
u like that?
u do? lol... iv never done that before
my friend has like done stuff with her bf and said its cool and i guess im kinda curious about it
lolz... yeah i guess
i dont hav a bf though and i guess you need one to do stuff like that huh
yeah i guess, iv never done that either
u do? do u like to do it?
the real thing?
oooohhh ok lolz
i dunno, lots of stuff i guess
my friend jazz has a bf n shes always doin stuff with him. she tells me stuff, n like, iv never done it with anyone before
just like things u do if u hav a bf, i dunno, lots of stuff
so like, what do u like to do?
ooooohhh wow, lolz... i never heard of that last one 
oh lolz...   so like do u like to do that?
oh... like u'd wanna do that with me?
i dunno, would u really wanna?
:)
:)
so u at home now?
cool, me too
so liek i havnt seen any pics of u.. i wanna see what u look like..
oh sry.. yeah.... my dog just came in my room n was sniffing my dirty laundry lolz
lolz... maybe, he likes to run off with my socks n underwear lolz
ooooohhhhh there u r ;)
ur cute :)
oooohhhh lolz... maybe
not of my panties! lol
lolz... oh ok
oooohhh lolz... u do? like u really hav pics like that?
lolz... wow... iv never seen a pic like that bfor!
u want me to?
if u want to send it to me :)
ooooooooooohhhhhh wow, its like so big!
:\">
oh i dunno lolz
oh wow... so like you'd really wanna do that with me?
maybe.. i dunno..... that pic looks real big :)
lolz
:)
but like u liv in vegas n thats like far away
awww ud really do that?
that'd be sooooo cool, but only if like u'd wanna do that?
awwww :)
ur so sweet
i dunno, it might be fun
oh hey sweety... i gotta run k.. moms calling me for dinner
n like she'll come up here looking for me if i dont go, n i dont want that lolz
will u be on like on the weeken?
cool, can we chat more then?
coz like i really like u
ur so cool to talk to :)
awww thx :)
im gonna try n get some more pics off dads camera - do u hav like an emal address or something?
lolz like what? coz i just got pics of me
k... :)
i really gotta run k.. byeeeeeee xoxox
hey sweety :)
lolz.... u havin  agood day?
yeah s'ok.. I got to miss church this morning so that was cool lolz
yeah ;_
;)
so what u been doing?
I missed talking with you
awww well thats cool
so like what do u do when you relax? 
oooohhhh ok lolz
i didnt know if like u watched tv or somethin
thats cool
so guess what?
its 20 days til chrismast!!!
what are you gonna ask santa for?
awwww really?  well like how lolz
coz i probly wont fit in ur stocking lolz
oooohhhh  lolz.... just a bow? 
lolz.... ok then lolz
but like what u gonna do with me in just a bow lol coz its not like we could go to the movies or anything lolz
oooohh lolz thats cool. what movies u like?
anything really - i dont much like scary ones ya know. i like funny movies
so do you gotta do like lots of shopping n stuff for christmas?
thats cool. i was supposed to help mom write christmas cards today but i didnt get mine done yet
like the ones we hav to mail off
yeah i dunno - i still hav homework to do n then like at 4 we hav to go to my aunts coz shes having cake n ice cream for my cousins birthday
yeah, they always have like the really nice icream too lolz
so what u been doing this weekend? did u hav to work?
cool :)
does ur work hav like a christmas party or something u can go to?
is it fun?
:)   i cant wait til im old enough to go to grownup parties n stuff
theres like real pretty dresses n things for the older girls
yeah but i dont hav a party dress
lolz.. yeah
lolz - ya think?
theres like nowhere round here to buy one. all my town has is walmart lolz
lolz.... i guess.. like what undeerwear? 
oooohhh lolz - do u like girls in underwear like that?
well i thikn they're kind of cool i guess, i dunno, iv never had underwar like that
so like what colors do u like ?
lolz... 
u like a lot huh! lolz
so i cant remember if i asked u but do u got like a myspace or somethin?
or FB
awwwwwww
i gota myspace but im so bad at using it lolz
so what are u doing tnoight?
yeah
its like a family party
itll be fun tho
i dont know what im gonna wear yat though
probly just jeans n a tee
lolz
did u get a christmas tree yt?
AWWWW u did?
lolz, what did u think?
lolz, awwww thx
so u got any more pics u can send me?
awww cool :)
lolz - i duno, whatever u want to send me ;)
lolz.... surprise me ;)
awwww u did? like what were we doing?
:)
awwww u really thought about doing stuff like that with me?
awwww :)
cos u know like iv never done that before with anyone coz like i dont have a bf
wud u really do that?
like teach me
might be kinda fun, i dunno lolz
i dont know what itd feel like
i guesss, i dunno.... kinda sounds like itd be more fun if i had a bf to do it with..
ur so cool to talk to :)
lolz yw :)
:)
hey patrick :)
lolz... u cool.... we talking now :D
so what u been doing?
was ur day fun?
awww cool. what did u do?
wow! lucky you.. where did u go?
cool, but you must have had fun because you hav ea big smiley face :D like that ;)
I was stuck in boring school today lolz. no fun window shopping for me
but tomorrows friday - yay!
and then next friday is my last day of school for christmas break! I get 2 hole weeks off yay yay yay yay yay
lolz, yes i will, dunno what i'm gonna do on my break yet but i plan to sleep in late nearly every day
sept christms day of course coz then i'll be up early to see what santa bought me lolz
sure ;)
lolz... cool... u feel better now?
lolz
lolz... really?.... 
like how.... ;)
u want me to hold it for ya? ;)
yeah.... iv never held that part of a man before... ud hav to show me how you like it..
kewl...
sorry, i was on the phone
so what are you doin tonight?
dunno, watch tv or somethin, kinda boring huh lolz
awww realy? thatd be real cool to hang out with you
so like what would we do?
i mean for fun n stuff
id like that :)   what would you teach me?
mmm... thatd be nice.... touching where?
thatd be nice to see how that feels... ive never had a guy touch my breasts before...
do u like it when girls stroke you?
nice.. what does it feel like?
really.... im curious to know what that feels like in my hand
yeah but like u live in vegas silly
lolz
so do you have any more pics to show me?
s'ok lolz
u hae pics like that?
lolz.... sure i wud but where you gonna find  apic like that?
lolz.... 
do u hav a webcam?
I asked dad again for one yestrday and he still says no :(
omg
lolz... u like looking at stuff like that?
today must be one of those sometimes lolz
wow.. iv like never seen a pic like that before
who are those people?
oooh lolz
wow
its cool she has her belly button pierced... i wanna get mine done some day :D
yeah, i think they look soooooo cool
i probly gotta be like 95 before dadll let me get my belly button pierced lolz
omg!!!! 
do u like girls doing that?
the man in that picture has a really big.... u know.... lolz
oh wow... she has the stuff in her mouth?
but like isnt that gross? lolz. i mean what does it taste like?
huh... i kinda wonder now u say its sweet lolz.. i wonder what it tasts like
u will?
cool ;)
but how we gonna get together ?
omg thatd be soooo cool.  would u really wanna come here to see me?
awww thatd be soooooo awesome :D
id love to hang out with ya n do stuff
i really love talking to u here.. ur so cool ;)
lolz... those are some long eye lashes lolz
so can i like call ya on the phone some day? i wanna hear what u sound like..
kewl :)
i got like a calling card mom gives me for 'emergencies' she says lolz
u wanna give me your number?
ugh.. moms car is pulling in the garage.. i gotta run k,im supposed to be doing homework :(
see ya sweety :)
cool... byeeeeeee xoxox
boo!:-p
s'up sweety?
not much, just hanging out bored i guess lolz
hows ur weekend been?
kewl, whats good? lolz
am i like missing something real fun?
oh lolz
i only got 5 more days then i fninish school for chrismas :)
yeah, im well excited
are u having time off work for chrismas?
kewl :)
so u decided yet what u want santa to bring you?
lolz
but what would u do with me if you found me in ur stocking? lolz
lolz.... the red fuzzy ones witht he white round the top lolz?
lolz... i hav a santa hat somewhere lolz
we all wore them on te last day of school last year lolz
b4 chrismas
it was kinda fun. i dont know if were doing anything fun this year
yeah, school is like real strict with stuff thogh, its like we get into trouble for the slightest thing these days
my older cousin said one year the kids let a sheep run in the halls... like 4 kids got expelled!
mega bummer huh on like ur last week of high school lolz
did u do any like high school pranks or anythin?
awwww cmon.. i bet u did???
u sound like real fun and exciting, i bet you were like well naughty in skool lolz
u sound like real fun and exciting, i bet you were like well naughty in skool lolz
realy? wow..... u surprise me lolz
pffftttttt yeah, whatever lolz. i bet you were chasing after all the girls lolz
lolz.... ok... whatever
ur such a sweetheart, n like real cute too...i cant believe you was shy
awww really?
kewl ;)
so what you goinna do this week?
dont u gotta work?
kewl :)
we'll probly get like tonnes of homework to do on chrismas :(
n that sux
lolz. did u go to skool in vegas?
kewl
so what u doin tonighte?
kewl. 
oh really? - has yours brokn?
kewl. thats real nice that he lets you use his lappy :)
so just you guys live together?
oh how fun - i bet you have parties n stuff all th time?
really? wow. i'd be like having parties all the time :)
like fun dress up ones
lolz
yeah, its fun lolz. halloween is like my favrite holiday lolz
yeah :)
do u like to dress up?
kewl :)
i found like the coolest costume online - it was wilma flintstone, sooooo kewl. but i need a 'fred' lolz
i'm like sooooo gonna do that costume when im older and have a bf
lolz... u would? omg, thatd be sooo cool :)
lolz, yeah, i think it was mopre of like a leopard print type dress - it looked sooo awesome though
lolz, aww thx
so what u wana chat about tonigthe?
lolz... u really wanna know?
im wearing a tank n shorts
i just got out the shower, so my hair is wet
lolz, ya think?
sure, u gotta tell me what it is first?
lolz... u really want me to do that? but moms like right next door in her room! what if she comes in?
oh lolz.... can i like try it later when i go to bed?
k.... so like, rub how?
really? wow... id like to try that... sounds like it might be more fun if i had a bf
i wonder what it feels like
kewl... iv heard about orgaasms but iv never had one i dont think
lolz... yeah... ok.  i kinda thought an orgasm was something a bf gave you.... my friends at school talk about stuff like that sometimes
hmmm... lolz... i kinda wann try that i think lolz
i dunno lolz... if u wanna show me
ok :)
so does like ur daughter have a bf?
really? u must be like an awesome dad
how old is she?
kewl :)
kewl
wow, they really like show u how to do it
she looked like she was havin fun 
do u like watchin girls do that?
u do... kewl 
im real curious to know what its like.. u know.. what it feels like to do stuff like that with a bf
yeah but i dont got a bf yet silly
some of the girls at school do stuff with their bfs
i like talkin to u.. ur like real cool to show me stuff :)
yeah... i am. dad says im too curious about stuff that im gonna get myself in truble some day lolz
i wanna do like everything, just to see what stuffs like
yeah i guess lolz
that girl in the video was real pretty
she had her belly button pierced too, i sooo wanna get that done
lolz... thatnks
so did you get any more pics of you yet fo rme?
awww ok :)
oh hey, i trid to email u the other day n it like rejected my mail :(
do u got another email addy ? 
yeah, coz it rejected silly lolz
i got like an error message or somethin
omg, so like guess what?
lolz... hey! are u teasin me????
so i totally forgotto tell you that this dumptruck came to my school to empty the dumpster n it like slid on the ice or somethin and crashed into a light post!
it happened on lunch break n all the kids were out looking at it, it was crazy! i bet the driver was like welllll mad lolz
one of my friends took a pic on her phone - it was well cool!
yeah, i'l try and get u the pic, it was awesome lolz
oh i just rememberd i gotta do somethin for tomorrow
its my friends bday so were gonna each take like a treat for lunch n have like a mini party for her - yay, tomorrow iwll be a fun day :)
yeah, it will be :)
whens ur bday? 
awwww frealz???? mine too!
what day?
awww kewl :)
we share the same bday month - sooooo kewl :)
are you a libra too?
dad says im sooooo like a libra girl - theyre like romantic and charming, easygoing and sociable lolz 
im listening to Pink on th radio - she is like awesome :)  do u like her?
i love the part where she sings 'whats the dealeo' it just makes me smile lolz
n i really like katie perry, her new song is well cool
noooooooo!!!! u did??? wow, how did that happen?
omg, what was he buying?  thats soooo cool
omg, sooooo cool! he probly has like a lot of money huh
yeah, i think i heard that. thats soo cool u got to meet him.  I thought you wer gonna say you worked at victoria secret or somethin n he was buying underwear for pink lolz
lolz, well thats cool u got to meet him :)
oh hey, i gotta run k, dinner is ready :)
k, bye sweety :)
xoxoxo :-*
hey sweety :)
aww hey sweety, there u are!  hows ur day?
s'ok - nothing too fun - just school, ya know lolz
so what did u do today?
meet any famous celebs?? l
kewl. did u hav a busy day?
awww kewl. so whatcha gonna do tonight?
same i guess. im like real tired today, dunno why lolz
lolz, whats that mean silly???? lolz
lolz, i kinda just wanna curl up under the blankies n take a sleep lolz
yeah, omg, school was like soooo boring today lolz, i was struggling to stay awake lolz
lolz yeah
lolz yeah
i still think itd be way more fun if i had a bf tho ;)
sry - yahoo dumped me. :(
sry - yahoo dumped me. :(
what did i think of my first time?
lolz... it was ok.. kinda nice
sory, i got dumped again
what was the last thing you got from me?
are you there?
sory - dumped again :(  i should just go to bed lolz
lolz, thatd be real cool... what would u do?
lolz... frealz?
awwww ur so sweet.... i dont know what id want.. mmmmmm
lolz.... what would u want?
awesome.... like what?
aww hey, sory, internet doesnt like me tonight
i dunno.... i wanna try lotsa stuff... i just wanna have fun ;)
kewl... sounds awesome to me ;)
i really like to like make out n stuff
cool... like what that girl was doing in the video?
thatd be kinda cool to try that :)
so like what else do u like to do with ur gf's?
kewl.. like what? i wanna know ;) lolz
cool. i bet u got a lot of gf's
ur real cute :)
awwww
ur just so sweet n cute. i really love talkng to ya
lolz. yw :)
kewl ;)  
lolz... i luv those red lips ;)
i gotta do soe of my chores tonight :(
u wanna help? lolz
i gotta do laundry
awww u would?
lolz, i'll put the laundry in and you can put it in the dryer n fold it after - deal? lolz
so what kinda music do u like to listn to?
kewl. u probly have lots of really awesome dance clubs in vegas huh?
i love to dance. i can't wait to go to places like that when i'm older
lolz. do u like to go to them?
kewl - itd be fun to hang out n go dancing some day
;)
kewl. i wanna get all dressed up n go have fun lolz
i made brownies last night :)
i ate one in bed n dropped chocolate on my sheets lolz
it kidna got squished in, ewwww lolz
so i gotta change bedsheets tonight
brownies in bed are kinda good tho lolz
i gotta go now sweety. moms shouting she wants help with dinner or something :(
have a good nite k.. i'll think about u :)
yeah sure :)
miss ya already :-*
hey sweety :)
i'm good now i'm talking to you :d lolz
how was ur day?
good - i bet its warmer there than here - its sooooo cold today
Im baking cookies tonight. tomorrow is the last day of school for hte christmas break :D
lolz - how did you guess?
im gonna ask santa for a real awesome internet connection for chrismast lolz
so what you been doing today?
kewl, was it a fun day?
lolz, thats good
doing anything fun now your home?
besides talking to me lolz
lolz, well thats real fun
lolz... :-* to u too!
mmmm.... u should smell my kitchen... soooooo yummy :)
yeah, i dont know if allthe cookies will make it to schol tomoroww lolz
3 or 4 lolz
i love cookies when they are real warm still out the oven ..mmmmm
so what are you gonna do for christmas?
are you gonna stay at your house or go see yur family?
well thats cool
will you be able to see ur daughter?
awww thats cool :D
what u getting her for chrismas?
awwww thats like real sweet of you - see, i told you that your like a realy awesome dad :)  i wish my dad was like you
well like ur so cool, u talk to me about lots of really cool stuff
lolz 'well nice' panties... like what kind of well nice? lolz... ur soooooooo awesome
lolz..... u did?   wow, ur are really cool. dad would never buy me stuff like that. wow, she's really gonnna love that
omg, she's gonna totally love them!
I wish i had cool panties like that
lolz, yeah :D
oh crap, gotta get the cookies k, brb
i back but i burned my tongue on a cookie
serves me right for trying to eat it lolz
lolz, what?
i need it kissed better lolz
an ice-cube would be real nice too lolz but our ice machine broke in the freezer
lolz, s'ok, i got a bottle of cold water but it isnt helping much
lolz, for realz? isnt she cold?
oh well thats cool. do u need to go spend time with her?
oh so shes ignoring you then lolz
thats what dad says i do when i watch tv
lolz. shes checking on you so you cant be naughty and get up to no good!
kewl. :)
do u have a chrismast tree at ur house?
kewl... sry, i had to go get more cold water
sure
she looks real nice
wheres that pic taken? it looks like here with the mountains n stuff ?
cool. iv never seen mountains in vegas - where are tey? lolz
huh, thats well cool, itd be real neat to see them some day, i like mountains :)
we went to the grand canyon a couple years ago, it was fun 
hav you been?
cool. didnt they build like a really big bridge or something? dad showed me some pics on his email one time
it looksd awesome but soooooo high
ur daughter looks like you i think
i wish i was as pretty as she is
really? i dunno, im kinda dorky sometimes
awww thanks sweety
lolz oh
i bet ur butts pretty cute ;)
lolz.... cool.. id love that ;)
lolz, u did? wow... ur like sooooo like a woman, lolz, girls think of that kinda stuff
i earned enough babysitting money that i can go buy some new jeans this weekend :D
yeah, the only place we got in town is walmart so i gotta pick from what they have but they have pretty cute stuff
im excitd - i love to go clothes shopping
awwwww u would? that'd be soooooooo awesome, i would love that :)
but hw would i get there?
awwwww u would? that'd be soooooooo awesome, i would love that :)
but hw would i get there?
lolz
i wish i could grow wings and fly lolz
i gotta go for now k, i didnt eat any dinner yet and i still gotta take a bath before bed
sure! im gonna miss ya. bye sweety :)
>:d<  :-*
hey sweety!
hows ur sunday?
s'ok. We put the christmas tree up today :)
other than that, i havent done much lol
yeah, it was kinda fun i guess.  What have you been ding?
or doing even lolz
cool. when do you think yo'ull have it fixed?
sweet. you must be well clever :)   im not much good with computers n stuff lolz
lolz
so guess what?
uh? lolz.... errrrrr no! lolz...
u so cute
i finished school for 2 weeks silly!!!!
yeah, im well pleased. i get to sleep late tomorrow morning then i'm off to my friend jazz's for a sleep over :d
yeah, itll be fun. jazz is sooooooo much fun, we'll prlby just watch a movie n hang out n stuff
brb k
im back :)
lolz, i went pee and got a soda :)
santa comes in 6 days :d
lolz, yeah, the bathroom is right next door lolz
i'm sat in the front room in the dark with just the christmas tree lights on, its kinda cool
yeah it is lolz
lolz, yeah, huh!
thatd be well fun to dress up like Mrs santa clause
lolz, i dont think santa would spank me, hes too nice lolz.... and kinda old too! lolz
lolz, hey!! meanie ;)
why would you spnak me?
lolz, n what would i have to do to be real naughty/
?
lolz, sounds like i would be in trouble, huh! 
lolz.... u would? 
sounds like you are being naughty tonight lolz
lolz.... ur soooooo kewl
n fun ;)
lolz, i always feel good when i talk to you - you make me feel all fuzzy inside
wouldnt that be like sooooo kewl
id like really love to hang out with you
n do stuff
:)
me too
lolz :x
lolz
yeah we would. what would you wanna do?
omg, thatd be so awesome. i love shopping and hte movies. What would you wanna do in the bedoom though? ;)
:-*
lolz, for realz? ur so kewl
i been kinda thinking about some of those pics u sent me
yeah, like kinda wondering how it feels when the girls do that kinda stuff, it made me feel kinda nice
yeah, kinda wondered, ya know, like what itd be like to do that stuff with a bf, ya know
moist?
oh lolz :\">
i dunno, it kinda feels real nice i guess, like real tingly, kinda tickly, i dunno how to describe it
its kinda nice :)
lolz - do guys feel that way too?
only a little?
does it feel good?
kewl :)
so what u gonna do tonite?
awwwww thats kewl. what u guys gonna do?
kewl. i wish i could hang out with you guys. sounds like fun :)
lolz. :)  did she finish school yet?
kewl :)
it sounds like u get to spend a lot of time with her.
shes lucky to have such an awesome dad like u ;)
my dad doesnt do much stuff with me. hes always working n stuff or out doing something
i dunno what
yeah :)
so do u gotta work tomrrow?
soooo kewl for you :)
yay! lolz
whatcha gonna do?
you should go to the movies :)   i went yesterday
it was fun
yeah, we went to see the Tourist with jonny depp - hes soo cool. and angelina jolie is soooooo pretty.,
i wish i lookied like her
awwww, well thanx :)
mom says i have to get a lot of plastic surgery if i want my lips to be as big as angelinas lolz
i kinda think moms just jealous though lolz
frealz? lolz.... sure, i guess, if you wanna show me, thatd be cool :)
ok :)
omg! wow.. lolz.... like would u really do that with me?
like have sex?
like those people were doing
she kinda looked like she was hurting or something
oh ok then lolz.... are men like really that big, ya know.... 
wow, n it like doesnt hurt the girl?
n that really feels good?
ok... well i guess thatd be kinda cool to try some day :)
u like really wanna do stuff like that with me?
omg, yeah lolz.... course.. but only if like you'd wanna
kewl ;) coz that would be like wow... 
lolz
so like what else do people do in the bedroom?
hav u done those?
which do u like best?
kewl :)
maybe we'll get to hang out together some day ;)
yeah, me too
lolz :-*  back to u sweety
i'm gonna go eat my dinner in a minute k :)
im at jazzs tomorro night but i'll try n talk to you if your on
night sweety, ima gonna miss ya ;)
hav fun hanging out tonight
:-*
hope we can hang out some day :)
bye sweety :)
xoxoxox
hey you!
hows ur day?  a
its good. are you at work?
kewl :d me too
hav u been hearing about the crazy weather we had?
omg, we had like soooo much rain, st george got flooded bad and they had to close zion park because of floods
lolz.... sucky internet :(
so whatcha up to?
kewl. 
im gonna go sledding tomorrow :)
yeah, we got 8ft of new pow pow up on teh mountain
theres this one spot with a really awesome sledding hill
ok, i bavck lolz
u ready for santa to come to ur house?
totally! lolz
im excited to find out whats gonna be in my stocking
awwwww that would be fun :)
lolz, yeah, really fun
u doing anything fun for chrismast eve?
awww how cool :)
my gma hass a big family party every year so were going to her house tomorrow night
santas gonna be there and everything n everyone has to sit on his lap lolz
she spends like all day cooking and baking and always has like hte best yummiest foods
lolz.... hey! thats santa ur talkin about lolz
u should go see hte new Tangled movie - it is soooooo funny cute
yeah, i laughed so much :)
yeah :)
i missed talkin to u this week - i kinda havent been on here much
i slept over at jazzs house for 2 nites n then at gmas for one.
moms making me clean my room before chrismast :(
lolz, yeah, i guess i am. im doing my laundry now
oh n then our house had a mini flood too lolz
mom had her friends kid over that she was babysitting n the kid flushed the toilet n i guess it got blocked or something n there was water all n the bathroom floor
it ran ito the vents ont he floor and made a puddle in the basement. dads gonna freak when eh gets home
yeah, mom cleaned it up though but u can stil tell there was water on the floor
dad hates messes. he gets so angry
so did u hav a work chrismast party yet?
oh how fun! 
what u gonna wear?
;_
;)
lolz... i bet u will look very handsome in whatever u choose. thats what gma says anyways lolz
np :d
lolz... thatd be soooo kewl
will u bring me the katie perry cd?
if ur santa ;)
awesome. im hoping santa will leave it in my stocking. i love her new firework song, soooo cool
the teenage dream song is on the radio rite now
shes like soooo awesome. i love her california gurls video
lolz. u so cool :)
hows ur laptop fixing going?
itd be so kewl if u got a cam
kewl :)
mom n dad are going to salt lake next week 
yeah, dads got to drive a load up there or somethin n moms going shopping while hes there
i dunno yet, i might go stay with jazz or gma
mom n dad hav been arguing a lot lately so i think dads trying to make things up with her  coz they said i couldnt go with them
which is fine coz like i dont wanna go anyway
lolz, thatd be so kewl. we could have a lot of fun :)
lolz :)
do ur family live in vegas?
well thats cool that u get to have chrismas with her :)
moms gotta work christmas
yeah i bet!
is she like real excited?
thas cool. ur like a really cool dad to be buying her clothes n stuff, my dad never buys me stuff like that
lolz, s'ok. he's kinda nerdy anyways n would probly buy really horrible old lady kinda stuff lolz
anyways, its real fun to go shopping with my friends n try stuff on
i just wish we had more clothes stores here
i bet :)
do u hav to wear a uniform for ur work?
thats cool. :)
i bet u look real nice all the time ;)
what r u wearing today?
cool :)
im just picturing u in my mind :d
since u only sent me one pic of you lolz
jazz got a new bf - shes going on a date with him tonite. shes real excited n nervous lolz
lolz, yeah, hes like a freshman in high school 
shes been into him forever lolz
yeah lolz,she'll probly tell me all about it tomorrow
yeah, her older sister is taking us sledding
yeah, shes pretty awesome. she has a car :)
she lets me n jazz tag along sometimes
yeah for us! lolz
so what u gonna do tonite?
fun! what u gonna watch?
tremors? lolz... whats that about?
like earthqauakes n stuff?
lolz, perfection sounds like a nice place to live :)   shame about the yucky worms that live there lolz
where are u from? oh, hi, im from perfection lolz
thats funny!!
have u seen Evolution?
we hav that movie. its one of dads favourites
oh its like well funny
yeah, u should google it. it has like sean william scott or whatever his name is, n david duchovny in it, oh n julianne moore too. dad really likes her lolz
yeah
mmmmm i dunno
help me think lolz
oh, yeah, i know
theres this one show Grown Ups - did u see it?
omg, that was like soooooo funny
lolz, sure, ok huny. ttyl :)
hav fun, ima gonna miss u :)
:-*
bye! xoxoxo
lolz thx
hey sweety. hope you had a fun crismast and that santa got u everything u asked for. luv katie xoxo
hey sweety :)   i havent seen u on much lately. hope u are ok. we got lots of snow last nite :)  mom n dad are in salt lake so im staying with gma. luv katie xoxo
hey sweety :)   hope your new laptop is getting fixed :)   missed talking with u. luv katie xoxo
hi!  :)
im ok thx. how are you ? i missed ya
kewl. did u get your lappy fixed yet?
awwww im sorry. 
so what u been doing? having fun??? ;)
it was ok i guess. santa was good to me :)
what did he bring u??
awwww thats real nice. did she like the clothes u got her?
lolz, aweesome. i still cant believe u got her stuff like that. your such a cool dad!!!
lolz
so what u been doing this weekend?
kewl :)
u guys hanging out tonite?
kewl :)
i went to see the True Gritt movie this weekend. it was really awesome
hav u seen it?
you shud go. the main character is a 14 year old girl - she kicks ass. i wish i was like her lolz
yeah n shes a really good horse rider
i gotta clean my fishes tank out tonight :(  the water got really yucky
i hate that job
yeah coz it gets real slimy n yuck
mom says pets are good for me to learn responsibility.... whatever lolz
so is the wether warm with u?
its soooooo cold here. it snowed a tiny bit
we still got lots on te ground from last week tho
woah, freals? that's like hot. it was 9 below here the other day.
we tried t light fireworks on new years eve but they wouldnt stay lit lolz
i wish i lived where u do
me too :)  my town is sooooooo boring. thers like NOTHING to do lolz
yeah i bet. like what?
that'd be sooooo cool. it kinda sux here lolz
s'ok lolz
i went hiking yesterday with my uncle n cousins. it was well fun. we were up in the snow. it was real deep in some places
n there was this awesome waterfall that was totally frozen solid but u could see the water running under the ice.
yeah it was sooooo pretty
the hike is called hidden haven. its my favourite
in summer the waterfall is flowing really good n u can splash in the water
yeah it is
kewl. its fun :)
so when u gonna get ur lappy fixed?
kewl :)
did u eat ur dinner yet?
not yet. im starvin tho lolz
moms working
dunno what i'll hav. i think theres some leftovers somewhere
aww thatd be so cool. wish i was there!!
i planted some plants last week and they are growing already :)
yeah gma plants the plants in her yard every year so they flower in the spring and she gave me 2 of the bulb things to plant inside in a pot and they have grown a lot already. its real fun to watch them :)
it sux being back in school :(
the christmas holdays went way toooo fast
yeah :(
i got the new hunger games book to read tonight too :)
well, its the 2nd one that i havent read yet so im excited to start that :)
has ur daughter read those books? they're soooo cool
everyone in my year is reading them
i got new clothes for christmas :)
not really waht i wanted lolz but they cool still lol
well i really wanted some boots n these totally awesome jeans i had seen but gma got me a skirt, tank n a cardy
theyre kinda more church clothes i guess :
awwww freals? that would hav been real sweet of u. lets pretend u did.. what would u hav got me?
:d
lolz... totally awesome... what would they hav been like?
kewl :)   i would hav picked hot pink ones lolz.. i love hot pink. its a totally awesome color
i guess u like thongs, huh?
well ive never worn them . mom has some tho
they look real cool
sometimes i look at her victoria secret cata;log
they hav real nice stuff in there
i cant wait til im older n can wear stuff like that, its real pretty n fun i think
lolz, really, well shes real pretty from what i remember of her pic
dd u get her victoria secret stuff?
wow, u are like the coolest dad EVER!
lolz, yw :)
so do u gotta work tomorrow?
that sux i guess lolz.  i think i get a day off school next week for martin luther king day or something
soooo cool. luv 3 day weekends :)
what did u do today? just hang out?
aww that sounds like fun :)
we dont hav eany place to window shop here lolz
yeah, serious. we got walmart n thats about it, n they dont have windows lolz
anyways, it was too cold to be outside lolz
yeah, still is :)
my blanket has lots of litlte holes in it from where i burned it this summer on the camp fire lolz
yeah i guess lolz, its my fave blanket tho so i wont throw it out
mom tried but i found it in the trash n washed it lolz
mom's being real mean about the heat in the house coz the gas bill was too high or something
her and dad had a big fight about it, so it must have been bad lolz
she needs a new car so she been doing lots of extra hours at work
i hope she gets something cool
yeah coz then when i get my learners permit i can drive it too lolz
i cant wait to drive, it'llbe soooooo cool
and im gonna drive n drive until i drive far away from this little town lolz
hope i end up somewhere exciting n fun :)
its my cousins first birthday today n we went to her party, it was fun :)
she put cake all over her face, it was real funny
oh, did u see the little fockers movie yet?
omg, u totally hav to, its soooooooooo funny
i laughed so much i nearly peed myself lolz
:\">
yeah, ur gonna love it lolz
one of dads friends loaned him the jack ass movie too the other day, that was real funny too. those guys are such ideiots lolz
sure. i gotta go anyways. moms gonna be home soon n i gotta clean my fish or she'll be mad
bye sweety. have fun :)
gonna miss ya xoxoxo
:-*
hey sweety :)
hey sweety :)
whered you go? i been missing ya :)
hey sweety. i havent seen you online. sorry i keep missing you. Miss ya. luv katie :)  xxoxo
hey sweety :)
i been missin gyou. where you been?
awww im sorry. but ur here now though :)
so you been doing anything fun that i been missing? ;)
good i guess. not done much
schools boring n i got homework this weekend ;(
yeah, u know anything about jfk?
the president
the one that was killed
i dunno lol
lots i guess
i have to write a paper on how i thought his speech would work to end poverty, disease and something else that i can trmemeber lol
his wife was soooo opretty
gma said she was classically elegant or something
gpa said she was hot
lol, oh, so you side with gpa then lol
lol
no way! freals?
cool... how awesome to be married to the terminator
gma says they have lots of tragedy in their family but they have lots of money so its ok
i dont quite get that
so anyways, what you been doing sept missing me :d
awww really, like what you been thinking
i been thinking bout you too :)
lolz, yeah. i really like you 
you make me feel good n happy
it makes me happy to see your name on the yahoo messenger
thing when i sign in
oh hey, so its valentines day next month :d
are you gonna be buying anything?
yeah n then i get the 20th i think off school fo th epresident day
oh yeppers it is. any day off school is a good day :)
it was sooooo nice weather today. i got to not wear a coat to school lol
it was kinda cold this mornning but the afternoon was soooo nice
thats cool. was it warm enough to go swiming?
i only remember it being like really hot weather in las vegas
woah really? thats awesome. i wish i lived there
dads friend went to some shooting show yestrday
yeah, thatd be awesome
k, get me something too :)
thx sweety :)
me too :)
i had to go pee
lol
so what drink did you bring me
lol.. oh really
i got in trouble for that one time lol
yeah. mom was working all night n let me have my friend jazz to sleep over.
her and dad have a special cuboard where they keep the drinks im not allowed to have
n so jaz mad e us some drinks. she mixed one of moms diet cokes with some of the vodka n then filled it up with water so mome wouldnt know we'd had any
she drank too much n puked in moms flower bed
on the new rose bush mom had bought. mom was sooooo mad
yeah, mom didnt let jazz sleep over for a month
i dont think she ever knew we put water in the bottle tho
jaz says she does it all the time at her house
do you really like vodka?
:)
so did you have to work today?
yay :)
where do u write to me from? like hte kitchen ?
im just trying to picture you in my brain :)
lol since you dont have any pics for me to see :)
cool, me too sometimes
i like to speak to you in my room best coz then i can lay on my bed and be comfy :)
yeah. i have this favourite blanket that i like to wrap round me to keep warm
its snuggly soft too
yeah, i like to snuggle
lol.. i luv your long eyelashes
i bet yoru a good snuggler
lol
so you seen any good movies?
yeah, i saw the green hornet last weekend. that was funny
it was real good
i like going to the movies, its fun to sit in the dark
lolz, yeah. thatd be fun
:-*
lol
oh you do
my dad never does stuff like that with me
he dont smell too good thogh lol
i bet you smell really good thouh :)
lol, so what tv shows do you watch with your daughter?
yeah huh. i think the csi new york is on tonight
i like those shows
i wish i had someone to snuggle with while i watch them - they get kinda scary sometimes lol
lol but yeah then youd be like a girl sandwich lol
if you were in the middle of us
lol yeah it would for you stuck in the middle
youd be squished
lolz, that would be funny
so you hanging with your daughter tonigth?
shes so lucky to spend so much time with you
do you need me to let you go be with her?
ok then you can chat to me more ;;)
lol
so what you gonna chat to me about?
>:d<
that was a big hug for you btw :)
lol... u really wanna know?
well, im thinking of you
n im listening to my katy perry cd that i got for christmas
its the california gurls song that i love so much, its totall cool
n i love the video that goes with it with all the girls dancing in the candy outfits lol
lol. she was in my dads magazine last time. shes soooo cool
yeah, it would be fun to dress as candy and be in her video lol
yeah, so now i told you what i was thinking of, you tell me
yeah i bet, i would love that
so what would we be doing?
lol. you just wanna be a girl sandwich dont you lol
oh ok
i gotta hav one tonite too
i might have a bubbley bath though coz im cold
yeah, moms tub is huge
i like to sit in the dark with candles, its fun
:d
do you get to hang withyour daughter all weekedn?
thats real cool
lol yeah, coz i bet you buy the real cool clothes
itd be fun to go clothes shopping with you some day :)
i bet you chose all th really awesome stuff
i think its fun to try lots of clotehs on
lol, ur so cool
oh, i went on this totally cool hike last weekend with my cousins n uncle
it was in kolob canyons, its like a part of zion national park, its so pretty 
we got soooo muddy dirty, it was fun
yeah it was. mom was real mad though when i came home. i slipped in the mud and my butt got all muddy. 
the dirt round here is like a red color so it stains bad lol
yeah :)
have you been to zion?
yeah its real pretty huh
we go camping there in the summer
i like camping
you should go camping to zion :d
yeah lol
thatd be soooo fun
ddi you eat your dinner yet? or are you waiting for your daugter to get out the shower?
cool. what you gonna have?
yumm :)
i havent eaten yet so i'm gonna go find some food k :)
there are some leftover sloppy joes i think - i really like them :)
i might see you this weekend ?
on the chat
k, i'll look for you and think of you too :-*
bye sweety :)
have fun :)
sorry sweety.. missed you again. I gotta go do my chores for a bit :) luv katie xoxo
hey sweety. i keep missing you :(   thinking of you n hope to talk soon. luv katie xoxo
booooooo ;)
lolz, hey sweety. how r u?
I been missing ya tonnes
awww thx sweety. so what you been doing?
awwww really?... you know all work and no play makes patrick a boring boy lol
my gma said that one time n i thought it was cute funny lol
so you got some play time planned?
lolz... maybe?????
lol. yours sound funner than mine
i walked the dog when i got home from school n i got homework to do
yeah huh
oh hey, n guess what!
uh?
oh i got something funny to tell you - remind me k
Gma got me a new fish for my tank :)
i called him Seth lolz
yeah he is UGLY lol
he is a pocostomust or something
they lurk at the bottom of the tank n eat all the fish poop n clean the tank or something
when i turn the tank light on, he freaks out n swims like so fast all crazy mad like lol he is funny
lol, sucker fish, thats a good name, i never herd that 
oh so yeah, the chicken butt thing...
it was my cousins birthday the other day n he got this card, it was funny
it said 'guess what'
on the front n inside was one of those rubber chicken things n it said chicken butt
it was soooo funny
sure :)
yay :)
did you bring me something?
im hungy :)
awwww you did - i luvs big macs lol
sometimes i struggle to take a bite though lol
lolz... 
lolz... 
yeah but thatd be different to a big mac silly
so ddid you get your lappy fixed?
oh?
like how?
ooohh lolz yeah :)
do you like that part?
cool
so what you doing tonite?
cool
i watched this scary movie the other day.
it was callled 'buried'
hav you seen it?
with the dude in the coffin?
OMG thatd be soooooooo scary.
like where would you go potty?
ewwwwww gross lolz
then my pants would be all wet
oh tell me!
uh-oh... what did you say!
oh wow. so what did you do
so you let her touch you?
with your clothes on
you both had no clotehs on?? oh wow. did you like that?
so you just let her touch you.
did she like it to?
cool
shes not curious any more huh :)
probly lol
why were you on your couch nakeded
you do? wow lolz 
do you like to do tht?
cool lol
sorry. stupid yahoo kicked me out :(
so what were you thinking about that made you go hard when you were sat with your daughter?
there are lots of pretty ladies on tv
what show were you watching lol?
lolz cool
would you worry if your daughter did stuff like that with a bf
lol yeah probly coz your so cool to tell her stuff like that
lol
did she ask you anything else
coz shes like my age right n i got lots of questins lolz
lol she did? what did you do?
she really curious huh
did you like that
lol i bet
did you show her any of those movies that you sent me?
oh cool
did she like htem
yeah coz they show like everthing lol
id never seen some of that stuff before lol
so are you gonna do stuff like that with her again?
sounds like you guys do hav fun when you hang out :)
lol cool
so did you find any other movies to show her?
lol, well. i dunno lol
;)
we can still chat tho right?
coz it sounds like you having a lot of fun wth your daughter n thats really cool :)
oh ok cool. coz i really like you a lot :)
you would?! thatd be soooo cool
cool. like what would you show me?
cool... thatd be fun
itd be so fun to hang with you guys
hey i gotta run sweety k
moms car just got in the driveway
sure. ttyl :-*   be good ;)
miss you already
lolz. bye xoxoxox
oh hey, you gonna let me call you sometime?
ok cool. i'll do it one time when mom is working
you wanna email me your # or something?
cool. k bye sweety :)
xoxoxo
