hi a/s/l? :)
lol... soon to be utah???
lol, whaddya mean? that's not nice lol
kinda looking?
oh ok then
well ok then lol, im just hanging out
bored and waiting for dad to come home so we can eat
what about you? what u up to?
oh thse rooms are soooo crazy
well i dunno, like the stuff some people say and there's like so much going on, so many conversations n stuff
so whats with your screenname? lol.. do you have a real name?
so what is your real name?
my dad doesnt know that i chat in rooms, 
i dont really chat in rooms, i just go in to see whats going on ya know
south utah - iron county
n u? why you soon to be utah? lol
for realz? thats cool i guess
so where do you live right now?
lol, i dunno, i guess if i lived somewheretotally cool like new york city or los angeles or something, id be pretty bummed to move back to utah
we get like soooo much snow and its really cold, it kinda sucks
oh, so youmust live somewhere reallynsty cold like minesota?
lol
errrr.... chicago?
u still there?
sorry - mom came to check on me
so you wanna add me as a friend?
yeah - you told me like 42 or something?
lol - dork! wow, you must be old coz you forgot what you told me lol
errr ok what?
no really
oh like on that tv show
and?
errr ok then
but we're just like chatting 
cool, send me the invite thing
to be my friend!
lol
unless you dont wanna be?
lol, ok... 
yay, we friends lol
so anyway, dad just called and is coming home in like 15 minutes so i gotta go set the table to eat
can we chat again another day?
ok cool then
oh hey, you never told me your name?
ok rick, that's a cool name
i'm katie, btw
my friends call me Kat
you can call me whatever tho lol
ok, i like katie too
;P
;P
:P
ok lol
yeah u 2 rick, ttyl
bye :)
hey ;)
saw you online so thought id say hi real quick
hows your day been?
did you work?
my day was cool i guess, just went to school and stuff
oh well that must be cool
oh well yeah i guess. but hey, you get to sleep in every day right?
thats cool. i hate getting up early. it sux
school should start at like noon or something
Mom makes me get up at 6am so i can be ready for school - she says i take too long in the bathroom
like what? like outside the city?
yeah i guess you could say that - we're not too far from the town
coz like i just said - mom, says i take too long i the bathroom lol
the bus picks me up at like a quarter til 8
lol - you sound like my mom asking why i'm taking so long in the bathroom
see youre a guy, you dont understand
i got long hair - it takes a long time to wash n stuff, ya know
so what are you doing tonight, anything fun?
huh, well thats gotta suck. dont you have like friends n stuff that you hang out with
wow, thats gotta be like lonely?
oh how fun! i bet your son is excited?
in the south part of utah
where does your son live?
oh thats cool. they have like a really cool school up there that id love to go to - BYU
yeah
most people here are
lol, is that cool?
its not like im too religious n stuff lol
i actually hate going to church but my grammy wants me to go with her and i always kinda have, ya know
yes when theyre not working
they just go to the first part though
sundays get kinda long in church, ya know
weekends are like short enough, ya know, and i hate sat in church on my last day off before school lol... .thats kind bad of me huh lol
are you lds? how do you know that church goes on forever?
oh ok thats cool
so you have weekend plans? is it sunny weather where you liv?
oh how fun, i love birthday parties. how old is she?
cool, shes nearly as old as me then
so isnt ND - thats north dakota right? isnt that where they have the peoples faces int he rock?
i wanna go there some day, it looks neat
oh ok - is that far from u?
i dunno, they work a lot
im a good kid i guess, do my homework and stuff, they pretty much let me do what i want
no. dads coming home in a bit and mom went to the neighbor ladys house for something
nah
do u?
like how many?  people have a lot of kids in utah lol
thas cool. i always wanted a brother or sister
what, you have one alredy but she's not cute?
well that must be coolto hang out with him and stuff, i like hanging out with my dad whne hes hme
cool, my uncle does that sometimes
its gonna snow here soon tho
do u get snow ther?
for realz? thats crazh!
its like really warm here today. i got to wear a tshirt to school
woah, crazy!
so arent u bored talkin to me yet? 
well i dunno lol, im kinda dorky iguess lol
awwww thanks rick, 
your fun, i like talkin to ya
why would i feel werd?
nah, that doesnt matter, you seem real friendly and sweet
awww thanks 
so what do you normally talk about on these things/
ok cool -:)
7th grade
sorry, ima here lol
i went pee
nah not realy
do u?
sorry - the internet dumped me. we got a sucky connection sometims
so what do u wanna chat about?
i dunno, hang out with friends, watch movies, listen to music n stuff
what about u?
wow, u do a lot of stuff
i want to go skiing this year
its kinda expensiv though
yeah huh! i might ask santa for a ski pass for chrismas but i got to wait for dad or mom to take me
i never evern skied before lol, it looks fun tho
iv been tubing befoe
yeah huh! thatd be fun
u live like a really long way away tho
oh yeah
does your son like to ski?
oh that looks funner than ski-ing
yeah im kinda clumsy tho id probably fall over lol
lol thx
i fell off the bed last christmas break and sprained my ankle. it hurt so bad
yeah it sucked but i won the pillow fight lol
yeah - dont u pillow fight? they're like soooooooo fun!!!
yeah, i was working up to a big swing, lost my balance as i whaked my friend and fell off the bed
it sucked, she laughed so hard
im more careful these days when i fight lol
its fun tho, u should try it
oh yeah u should be carfeful now that ur older
ur welcome ;) im just looking out for ya
so did u go to college or anythin?
wow, ur smart
i suk at mat :(
or math even lol
ok, well it sounds impressive anywys
sure, me too
:P
boo! lol
not much, supposed to be having dinner - dad said its gonna be 10 mins or so til hes home. he's bringing home take-out - yummm!
awww u did?
thats real sweet
thx
oh why?
hey lol
ya my internet keeps dumping me
nah, i replied back to ya but then got dumped lol
u cool
i told ya, i like you, ur funny
yeah and i said 'oh why?
i dunno, u make me smile
oh, i never got that part lol
yeah we could, that wold be fun
u seem real cool
awww thx rick
hey, dads home so i gotta run
i dont want to get into truble
he bought panda xpress too - my fave!
lol
can i look for u again this wekend?
neat.  ok cool then :)
night huny
oh ok
oh ow cute!
he looks a nice kid
u look real nice, like i said u are!
i thought he was older
i bet u mis him a lot
aww i hope so for u to be close to him
yeah huh!
sure will do, night hun
;)
bye bye
hey! :-)
happy sunday lo,
lol
s'ok i guess... church and stuff... you know lol
but its been ok as far as sundays go i guess
My grammy is coming for dinner tonigth so i'm excited about that
here in town
I see her a lot
oh sooooo yummy!  Dad always gets me orange chicken and rice. my fave mmmmmm lol
hmm, ive never had that. it sounds like i've seen it before, that tsao is kinda weird word, lol, i think i've seen it somewhere beforfe
i don't like spicy foods
Cedar City
n u?
well duh, i know that lol, but u moving here soon right?
u ther?
sorry - i keep getting dumped
:(
so what u doing today anyways?
thats cool - i like SLC - its a fun city
col - how did the utes do the other night? I saw somethin on the news and thought of ya ;)
oh no! 
thats gotta suck
wow, they were having a really bad day then huh!
do u like the jazz?
oh the lakers are cool i guess. i dont watch much sport
i like the olympics and thats about it lol
i dunno, hang with friends, listen to music, watch tv - whatever
n u?
we might get snow here tonite. theres a storm coming dad says
its real windy today and kinda warm
you eva played hocky?
it looks mean lol
so how was your nieces b'day party the other nigth?
oh thats cool, so she like has 2 birthdays  lol - one last nite an one next week!  soooo fun!
what did she get?
i love geting pressies!
awesome!
oh hey, moms calling - i gotta run to walmart in a bit with her i guess
i can chat for a couple more mins tho
she always has to yell at me like 3 tims anyways lol
i dunno, she says its becaus i'm never ready, i dunno, im fogettful i guess, i always forget my coat, gotta pee, ya know lol. it drives mom crazy!
i think its kinda fun tho lol
lol - yeah probably
cool
you'll probly miss them when u move to UT huh?
aww i bet u cant wait to see him
what grade is he in at sckool?
5th?
awesome. i had a real sucky 5th grade teacher. we used to be mean to her.
yeah i guess. but it was funny.
my teachers nw are pretty cool
for teachers anyways
nah, i like swimming tho
and running
yeah, i'm clumsy remember lol.. me and like a fiel hocky stick would be scary lol
id probly ht myself in the head and knock myself out! lol
lol, thx, i think im kinda dorky at times
im a disaster at baseball
but thats another story lol
thats what my grammy says
she pretty much raised me til i was at school so i spent a lot of time round adults
yeah, she rocks
mom and dad work a lot so i spend a lot of time at grammys
dads a truck driver and mom works at the hospitl
so do u hav a job to come to in utah?
thats cool, u can hang out with your son til you find a job i guess
cool. they have like way bad traffic up there huh. we dont have traffic jams down here
we got stuck in traffic once forf 2 hours after they had a accident up there
yeah huh. i cant wait til i can drive!
mom really wants that new camero
weve seen 1 around town and she always looks out for it
dad tells her she has to do a lot of overtime for that lol
yeah, i asked dad about going skiing last night and he said hed take me this year so im excited.
yeah, thers one about 40 minutes outside our town and dad said theres another one opening up in Beaver which is to the north of us
they do like $10 tuesdays at the end of the year and thats when a lot of people from here go coz its cheaper, ya kno
depends where in salt lake but bout 4 hours maximum, not even some days
dad drives up ther a lot for his work
i dont know where that is.  i know where provo is because of BYU
oh ok. mom took me xmas shopping to Thanksgivin Point last year which i think is in draper but i dont remember.
that s a cool place, they have a big IMAX theatr i think it was ther
oh ok. hav you been ther?
oh yeah, i remmber that, it has the big dinosaur stood out front?
and theres Cabelas across the street?
dad loves that store
the water park? 
i'v never been there
oh ok, i think i know what you mean
sure, me too lol
boo! :!!
lol, mom shouted again so i probly gotta go in a minute
or she gonna be running up here to see what im doing
oh no.. u are my secret friend
:)
sure, we shud have like a secret handshake or somethin
ok thats cool
i never open my yahoo if i know mom might come upstairs
good plan
RH
yeah
anyways i better go i guess
i like talking to u too, 
awww thx
you dont think im a nerd?
lol, good thx :)
ok, i gotta run k
are you around tomorrow nite?
cool. i'll look for you then
sure will.
bye huny
;)
:)
boo! :-p
sure
I gotta take a bath in a few, so if you're still on the fone its ok, we can chat some other time :-h
Night night huny :-*
lol... boooooo you toooooo
u doing good today?
its really cold here too We got snow last night :(
its all gone now though :)
lol - oh no! r u ok?
the roads must hav been real icy then huh?
uh-oh lol
so why were you cheking cows? r u gonna buy one?
oh how fun - pet cows!
i like baby cows, they're cute
well, cows that you hav as pets silly
huh i guess, that would suck to be on poop patrol with them! lol
you should bring some with you, at least the baby ones
people keep them in their yards here
oh, i thought you were going to be eating a lot of beef stew and jerky n stuff ;)
thats good. i hjope you can sell them so you can move to uta
so hannah montana got into my house again last night
hannah montana
my neighbors cat
it was snowing outside and i went to put out the trash, and i must have not shut the door all the way coz when i got back inside, she was sat in myy kitchen
dad gets real mad when she comes in the house becuas eshs likes to leave us presents n stuff, ya know
lol, thx, i guess
ok lol
so did it not snow at your house yet?
well its supposed to snow again tonight. i will try and blow some your way so you dont feel left out ;)
oh that sux
i dont much like having to walk to the bus stop in it and stuff
its kind fun on the weekend though if i cna go play in it.
sure, thatd be cool
k
i gotta go pee anyway
omg thats crazy!!!!
is that at your house?
wow, there is soooo much snow!
last year we went sledding at this one hill they have up the mountin road nad someone had built a snow tunnel
it was sooo much fun to crawl through it
cool - what wer you doing lol
oh awesome, they are like really warm and cosy
oh yeah i bet. i'd be like sleeping in front of hte fire i think
dont u have central air?
i need to put some more on my myspace. they're on dads camera
did you see the ones on my myspace?
oh, look at the myspace
my email is 
you can find the myspace by that
that shud work for u
?
I'm rely bad at updating it lol
some of those pics are kinda nerdy
lol
u still there?
oh ok
i thout my pics had scared you off lol
oh no, why woud it do that?
huh, that sux
is it working?
oh yay it worked
lol
that was my grammys neighbor - she was doing a photografy class for school and she had me do some poses n stuff for her
it was fun. i was scared i was gonna get run over by a train though
yeah it was cool
lol, ya think?
awwww thanks huny
why?
oh
;)
what? to hang out with you?
you're real sweet and friendly
would u like that?
lol
youre cute
funny cute
so what do you do when you hang out?
sounds like fun
where do u like to eat?
omg -  love applebees and chilis!
hooteres??? lol
we dont have one of those in town
oh, i getcha
whats ur favourite food?
mmm yum. dad cooks a lot of steak. he has a secreat sauce recipe. its good.
yeah its yum
we got an eggplant the other day at walmart
moms gonna make eggplant parmeshan ths week - i like that
ok i guess. kinda boring. 
there was a fight at lunch, that was kinda cool
i dunno. i got there kinda late coz my bag of chips got stuck in the snack machine, but anyways, there was 2 boys hitting each other n stuff
one had blood coming out his nose and everything, all teh girls were like grossing out
what u laughing at? lol
they were from the high school across the street so i guess they were like 15 i guess, i dunno
it wasn't funny! I hurt my shoulder banging the machine window
thx, i think i bruised it
my friends told me i was crazy beating up the machine lol
yeah, afer like 3 good shoves
im gonna have a hot bath tonight to make it feel better
im real tired today
yeah, i like hot baths with like lots of bubbles. mom has one of those big tubs with the jets in it
maybe you can get one when you move to ut?
why?
sorry, im here :)
the neighbor lady came to the door
u still there? 
so what you doing tonight?
its like getting dark here already, i hate it
i dont like the dark, its kinda scary lol
lol
we had a skunk in the front yard last night
yeah, i hate skunks!
one got run over on the road near out house last winter and it was really stinky for days
so what you wanna chat about? u choose
lol.. u love reading me
aww thx
errrr lemme think what i cna tell u
i have to do my chores tonight :(
laundry
i put it to wash and put the ones in the dryer that can be dried and hang the ones that cant
i dont mind really
mom and dad work a lot so i have to help out which is cool
yeah, quite a bit i guess, i spend a lot fo time at grammys too
mom works weird shifts at the hospital and dad comes home late a lot coz hes driving.
i hang with my friends a lot too but im only allowed one friend over if mom and dad arent here
shes a nurse
she kinda helps out wherever they need her
yeah kinda i guess
i know a lot of people through church and then theres my school friends.
i also know some kids in grammys street
mom and dadhave always made sure i got to know a lot of people since i dont have any brothers or sisters or anything ya know
you are real easy to get along with too
:)
>:d<
yw lol
sure
i gotta go in a minute anyways. dad will be home soon and i have to bring the trash cans in
i know, sorry, 
it was trash day today
we have to put all our cans on one side of the street and i always get ours mixed up coz i usually get them when its dark and the neighbor lady always complains to dad that i steel her trash can
shes kinda grump though
well they are all green and theres like 5 cans next to each other, its so confusing
lol, thanks, but why?
i only tell you my dorky stories lol
aww thx, i like yours too
:\">
i dunno exactly, i tried measuring myself with dads tapemeausre and it didnt work out too well lol
mom says im like 5 foot 6 i think
does that sound about right?
dads kinda tall, so i dunno
oh, errrrr
mom's 35 i think
and dads birthday is at the end of this month. he'll be 42
oh yeah, thats right
nah
id only been in the chatroom like a couple times before i met you and i didnt speak to anyone
u are jus real friendlky. i like you a lot
i dunno, 
:)
u r funny and you make me smile at some of the things u say. 
you make me happy
oh hey sweety, i gotta run k
i just heard the garage door open so it means dads home
awww thanks rick, u too :)
i'll look for you again when im next on line
sweet dreams :-*
bye bye 
awww thx lol
boo! :-*
saw you online so thought i'd say hi real quick
u havin a fun day?
not much. its snowing out
its snowed here a bit every day since monday
thers only about an inch i guess outside but its real cold
oh reallY? can you send some warm air my way?
i like sunny days when its snowed
its prrety
yeah there is but i kinda skipped today
sorry, i got kicked off
u there?
I looked out the window this morning and it was cold and snowy and so i told mom i had stomach cramps
she let me stay home
i do kinda anyway i guess
lol I dunno, didnt feel much like going to school today
school bores me
both lol
There are lots of kids that just goof off and stuff so the teachers pay all their attention to them
I always get good grades and stuff, its always been that way i guess, i just rembmer stuff easily, i dunno
Grammys always saying I'm 50 going on 13 lol
or the other way round lol
They do a success academy that I want to get into next year
when you graduate high school, you get an associates degree
its an awesome program 
anything, its probly easier to tell you what i dont like lol
i dont much like sport, especially in the winter when its real cold out
i'm not so good at math either but i do ok
oh i like spanish
si? jeje
were you any good at it?
lol, me gusta
i like it
lol
lol, thats a beer isnt it?
lol, thats funny
oh my gramjy would like you because you say please lol
its please
gracias is thank you
so its vetereans day today
we have a flag outside our house
I thin it might be cool to go into the services one day, i dunno which one though
or what i'd like to do
My neighbor just went to boot camp somewhere in texas i think
thats cool, i bet he went to some neat places?
I really want to travel some day
probly some scary ones too
thats a long time ago
before i was born
so what you doing today?
why do you have to have the right blade, cant u just use any blade?
oooooohhhh ok well that doesnt mean much to me lol but i guess it screws up your wood cutting plans huh
lol what would?
yeah
its easy to get to my friends houses
ok
oh, ok, i get it now
see, i learned something by being home sick today lol
yay lol
aww thx
so do you like to read books?
yes, i LOVE to read
right now im reading The Hunger Games by suzanne collins, you shoud google it
its so good, and then i have the last harry potter bok to read - i think its called deathly hallows or something
i've heard of grisham and patterson, i think my dad read some of his books, i dont know, bt i haven't
ive been home alone this morning
nah, they know im a smart girl
id be sooooooo grounded if i did anything bad when they were gone lol
doesn't mean i can't try lol... i just have to try real hard to not get caught lol
lol, uh, i dunno, i haven't thought much abot thtat lol
probly like 2 weeks grounded and no internt for a month or something crazy, i dunno
well sometimes but i see them like everyday at school or in church and a lot fter school too
as long as mom and dad dont take away my libary card, its all good lol
thx... i love books
we hae a real nice library in town
it has big squisy bean bags in the kids area that i like to sit in and read a book while waiting for mom or something
sure :)
lol - for real?
thanks - i like you for that too
i love talking to my gramps too - he has lots of stories to tell me
we sit for hours sometimes , its fun
u there?
i had to close my yahoo - grammy just turned up - mom must have sent her to chck up on m
anyways she's downstairs with some hot tea and fresh out the oven brownies! mmmmm
so i gonna run k otherwise she'll be up here checking on what i'm up to!
i'll eat one for you!
actually, that means i can eat 2 lol.. one for me and one for you ;)
k, by sweety, i'll look for you again soon :-*
lol, bye ;)
lolz, hey you!!
lol - yeah, why do you say that?
well i can't IM you from the bathroom silly
i signed on then went pee and got me a soda lol
diet coke
i'm really wanting a rootbeer float but since we don't got rootbeer or icecream, a diet coke had to do
yeah, it does! jeeeeeezzzz, you sound like my dad
yeah, huh
so what you doing today?
oh yeah, i don't like the no cafine rule
I like hot sweet tea and diet cokes but mum doesn't let me have too many
she doesn't find out most of the time ;)
well, its not like its really naughty
sheesh lolz
awww c'mon - that's not fair - i take one sick day, sheesh!!!
school was ok i guess, it was a really good weather day here today so we spent time outside at lunchbreak, it was nice
I gotta try and work on my winter tan ;)
lol, i tan kinda easy
lolz... white bits are sooo not cool though lolz
like parts of your body that dont get sun on. My dad is always hating his 'farmers tan' lolz
yeah - my grammy is the coolest eva, she's so fun. She hung out with me all afternoon. and she bought apples from her friend's tree and we made an apple crisp too for mom when she got home. it was delish!
sure :)
nah lolz, i like dessert
oh yeah, yum!!!!
so hey, i keep meaning to ask you what your logon name is all about? lolz
its funny
errrrrr well R H (luv2licku68) lolz
well i dunno, coz like mines just my name, ya know and yours is funny
huh lol ok....
oh, perhaps i should ask then lol
i licked an icicle today lol
i love how they kinda get stuck to your tong
oh lol
well i gotta babysit tonight
then i'm going to hang with my friends tomorrow when i've done chores
i gotta be there in like an hour i think but i have to have my diner first
yeah, i don't mind it. It gives me some pocket money. i want some new boots i saw in walmart 
thats like the only store we have in town lolz
i guess like 3 hours or something, i dont remember
yeah, sometimes.
oh how fun! So will you be here by then?
kewl ;)
do you have somewhere to live yet?
how far is SLC from where you liv?
thats a good plan
wow, 12 hours is like  arealy long way!
thats so cool that youre gonna be living in Utah
lolz - there's even more of nothing to do wher ei live lolz
no, for realz, there's like nothing
oh really???? wow, that's crazy
when we go to walmart, we always see like 10 people we know lolz
its a disaster going there withg myt grammy - it takes FOREVER - she knows like EVERYONE lolz
yeah
i dunno - til the mom comes home - she works at the hospital with my mom and when her husband works late or goes out, they ask me to babysit
so i dunno
2 boys
they're like 5 and 3 or something
actually, i probaly should run for now so i can eat my dinner before i gotta go k ;)
sorry i couldnt chat for long tonight
are you around this weekend?
kewl! I'l look for you then >:d<
bye sweety
lolz ;)
lolz - those are some mighty long eyelashes lol
thx - you have a fun evening too
sure will ;)
think about what you wanna talk about :)
coz i can talk and talk lots lolz
:-p boo!!! Where are you?
lolz
oh?
can't see me?
sure
hey
really? i wonder what's up?
ugh, i'm sorry :(
it wokred again?
can you see me?
<:-p
can you see me now?
ya
uh-oh
hi
boo
Boo you!  ;)   Just thought i'd say hey.  Hope you got your IM sorted - i missed ya sweety
boo! :-*
i missed ya... where u been? ;)
sorry... wow... like yahoo really doesn't like me today ! lol
it dumped me good and kept sending stupid error messages n stuff
awwwww you're sweet. i missed ya
u got your messenger working again then huh ;)
oh bummer, that sux!
so did you sell your pet cows?
awwww oh thats sad. i would have like to keep one. mom would have been like well pissed though lol
my dog does big enough poops, let alone a cow lol
oh u r??? 
will u be sad?
wow! that could buy like a lot of stuff
u must have a lot of cowS?
wow, i should get me a cow
well yeah coz i'd have to be on poop patrol n stuff and for 29 cows. thats gotta suck real bad
omg i got like dumped again. yahoo really sux bad
so i get like 2 days to go at school then i get 2 off - yes!
yeah, its pretty awesome
what u doing for thanksgiving?
oh how fun
well we're going to some old ladys place -shes like my grammys sister or something. she's pretty cool. she bakes like really awesome pies.
lol, ok... why?
i LOVE thanksgiving food
lol, awwww well thanks
i overheard mom talking with my aunt about going to the black friday shopping - omg, she like dragged me out of bed last year to go with her. it really sucked
have you done the black friday shopping?
oh well dont!!
the ladies are well scary. there was this one lady last year who was in hlike her jammas with those hair roler things in her hair and she had no make up on. She was well scary.
the women are sooooo crazy, like this one store we went in had the realy expensive purses for like 80% off and the ladies were like shoving each other to get to the purses, it was insane
noooo it was like weird, u should totally go one year just to see the women fight, its real funny
my aunt is like crazy. she has a 'team' of her friends and they each like have a list of things they wanna get and they have these walky talky things so they can talk to each other. shes so weird but funny
whats a flat panel?
oh ok, thatd be well cool
yeah, i just never heard it called that before
oh mom and dad arent that high tech lol
we just have a flat screen tv, it isnt like really cool or does anything totally awesome, its just a tv hung on th wall
oh, i dunno then lol
lol thx
so what are you gonna ask santa for this year?
cool. coz you know you have to be like a really good boy to get expensive stuff like that
lol, your cute
lol, your cute
sorry ima back
there was this stray dog in our yard and my dog was out there going crazy at it
i hate that people dont put their dogs on leashes
i dunno what he is, we got him from the shelter. hes like a hound type thing, hes a big dog
the 2nd day after we got im, he bit my dad real bad on the arm
yeah, it was real bad. dad said hed probably been abused before we got him
but hes real good now
wel, most of the time anyways lol
ok thanks
my one grandpa is kinda sick right now which is sad
schools ok i guess
nothing too fun
how bout you?
U still moving to utah?
oh for realz? thats cool. it snowed some here too
its been so cold. when we drove by th e bank and they have the digital thermometer thingy, it said 39
omg, thats freezing!
lol yeah
lol awwwwww
would u like me to?
yeah, your real fun to talk to too :)
why?
oh yeah, slc is kinda far from here
sometims dad drives to slc with his work
yeah i guess, i dunno, sometimes i dont think mom and dad care too much about me, theyre like always working n stuff
sometimes i wish theyd just break up, they aregue like all the time
lol - your what?????
oh lol, s'ok
oh how fun
what was it about?
cool. what kinda stuff did they sing?
lol
awww cool
yeah it kinda sux
they fight about money a lot, at least thats what i figure its about
they both work a lot and when theyre home, they tired and dont have much time for anything it seems
s'ok though
awww thanks :)
oh u r? which one? the myspace?
i havent done anything with that in like forever lol
yeah, i didnt put to many on that one. i put them on the myspace
i figure i probly wont look so nerdy when i grow up lol
lol thx
mom says its a nerdy stage and i'll grow out of it
ok then lol thx
for realz? would u like that?
coz  probly figure u'd get bored of my talking lol
dad says i never shut up - he says i even talk in my dreams sometimes lol
lol thx
so did u have your dinner yt?
nah, me neithger, im hungry though
i thnk we're just having leftovers. it was grammys birthday dinner yesterday and dad cooked a lot of food
lol, i dont got brownines today lol
i'll be pleaed to eat an extra slice of pumpkin or pecan pie though on thanksgiving for you though ;)
awwww u would? ur sweet :)
awwww, well i wish my dad was more friendly like u :)
cool. how old are they?
like 9 or something?
oh the one u just went to her b'day party right
omg, 110!!!!
thats like ancient!
awwww well if shes 110, she probly wouldnt be able to hear u anyways :-p
lol silly, ima only teasing u
:-*
so i just read this totally awesome book
its called The Hunger GAmes by suzanne colins
my teacher recommended it and it was soooo cool
your neices and your son might like it
my friend has the second book and shes gonna loan it to me when shes finished with it
it would take me like forever to explain it to you, so hang on one sec k
go to www.thehungergames.com
yeah, i've never read anything though
i think he has a funny first name
oh cool
does he like harry potter?
i'v got the last book to read so i'll probably start that this weekend
yeah i think
i dunno actually  lol, i'll ask mom when she gets home
hmmmmm... 
well i really want some new clothes and some cute winter boots
i like bubble bath stuff too
and i want some new jammas
what?
oh for realz? coz i like those kind too. theres this really nice pair i'v seen here in town that go to the knee
lol, u r cute
know, its so cool that u like shoes too!
well they probly dont fit you silly
lol ooooooooooooo k
i like how the girls wear the boots with the tight dark blue jeans, i think that looks well cool
oh u did?
are they a good deal?
cool
ooooooh i see, they are well cute
i'v seen some like that in walmart
no, but i really like that kind too
lol - they look like eskimo shoes
errrr, not so much lol
but they look well warm and cozy
my grammy would LOVE them
i like the first pair you showed me way better lol
those other ones are just real funny lol
theyre cute
im saving my babysitting money for some boots if santa doesnt come through lol
lol awwww u cant do that 
so u wanna know what im growing?
i saved an avocado pit thingy and im growing it on the kitchen window
i think its dead though
u know how like you stick the little wood sticks in the side of the pit and let it float in water
i put it next to the kitchen window so it would get sun but it hasnt grown yet
its a well cool experiment
when it works lol
well kinda i dunno, my teacher would be impressed if i got it to grow but i think i killed it
i dont have much luck with growing stuff
lol
lol - u really do like shoes dont u! lol
i like those ones
so how are you going to move all your stuff to utah?
aww thats cool
bring your skies!
oh good idea. 
i dont got skies either
i have a sled tho
omg - u r like worse than a girl lol
yeah i am - my friends always laugh coz i always fall off or face plant in the snow
im a crazy sledder
its so fun though to just run and go down head first, like dive onto the sledge, soooooo cool
hey, i gotta go k
i just saw moms car in teh driveway
thx for talking to me, u r so cool
and funny
i love that you like shoes o much!
lolz, thanks huny, you too!
have a fun night, k.. i'll be missing ya
:-*
k, for sure :)
byee
awww thx lol
boo! lol
awwww hey you
how is your day been?
omg, like sooooooo cold too
we got snow last night
i didn't have school today either so i got to go play in it
yeah, so not fun
lol, u r too cool
oh cool. i hae never made a snow fort.  last yer we went up the mountain and someone had made like a snow tunnel tha tyou could crawl through. it was so cool
yeah, you sent some to me already remember :)
there was like a lot of snow. you were at a wood cabin i think you said
sure looked like you got a lot of snow
of the snow?
ooooohhhh lol.... well yeah but you might wanted to have seen utah snow, ya know.... it is the most awesome snow on earth or whatever it says on the car license things 
ummmmm wot? lol
i got to go sledding today :)
lol... ok then, you probly know what utah snow looks like i guess...:-p
so anyways....
wot did u do today?
really?? coz i think ours is like a different white color...
oh, did you get real cold?
why are you cutting wood? do you have a fire in your house?
sooooo cool. my grammy has one of those, they get like so warm, 
oh for realz?
thats gotta suck?
huh. well hopefully when you move to utah, y ou get a house with warm air vents
well i was jut thinking like im a real wimp when its cold. i hate it. i put a heater in the bathroom when i take a shower or a bath lol
lol... dads always getting mad with me though coz i forget to turn it off and he says it makes our electric bill expensiv
lol..... errrr ok
well cool, coz i really like talkin to you too :(
oh sorry.. that was supposed to be a happy face lol :)
so wot u doing tonite?
moms making me go to walmart with her to help get the rest of the thanksgivin food
its gonna suck coz im going to miss criminal minds :(
i love that show
nah, we dont got one of those tvo things
i might be back to see the end part, s'ok, theres this one channel that does lots of re-runs so it might be on there one time
walmart takes forver with mom - she knows like EVERYONE
yeah i bet :)
its so cool having like 5 days off school 
i got to sleep in this mornin
well, i'm gonna sleep lots, see my friends, play in the snow if it sticks around, watch tv, read books
oh, and i guess i have to tag along with mom and dad to all the family and friends stuff they got planned
yeah, i dunno, it will be i guess. by the end, mom and dad wil lhate each other and be arguing again
i dunno, its ok
thats why i like chatting to you - you dont argue :)
u make me happy
awww thanks :)
i'm gonna help mom do some cooking tomorrow morning
we have to take some food to the dinner tomorrow
we're making sweet potato casserole with the pecans on top...mmmmmmm my fave~
i love sweet potatos with cinamon and butter and nutmeg
did i tell u about my neighbors new puppy dog?
omg, she is like sooooooo cute
she is 7 weeks old i think and a blue heeder dog?  
i dont know if i got the make right
and shes so tiny and snuggly
oh ok, that sounds like it
i know it was a blue soething
one of my moms friends had this tiny chiwowa dog and she'd dress it in sweaters in the winter, it was so funny
his head always had ladies lipsticks on it because where everyone would kiss his head and he smelled like perfume, on his head anyway, it was funny
yeah, it was a boy dog too, but he was so cute
it was really sad though coz someone stole him from thir yard :(
yeah i know huh. so sad. he was wearing a bumble bee sweater when he disappeared too, which makes me laugh and is mean of me but i think its funny
lol thx i guess
so are you still going to your brothers place for the holiday?
kewl. do you gotta make anything to take with you?
aww thats nice
oh, like the football?
i always wanted to be a cheerleder
well i think itd be kinda cool with the pom poms n stuff. i wanna be on the top of the pyramid too lol
in high school. its probably not too good an idea though
coz i'm like real clumsy
coz i'm like real clumsy
lol... id make a fool of myself lol
or break an ankle or something
yeah, mom says i'll grow out of my clumsy stage
i'm not so sure though lol
thx :)
lol
so are you :)
hey, moms on her way home - she will be home at 5pm so i gotta go k
she said she'll be mad at me if i'm not ready to go when she ges here :(
i gonna miss you too!
have a really fun day tomorrow.
i might not be able to chat since mom and dad are taking like 2 days off work
but i'll look for you when i'm next on, k
lol, sure i will... anything for you :)
so like GO COWBOYZZZZZZZZZZZ
ra ra ra  
will that wokr/
?
ok, i can do that
yw lol
k, i gonna run
bye sweety :)
bye bye bye bye bye bye
>:d<
back atcha lol
lol
u miss me yet?
lol, i really gotta go
bye
lol.... of course!
hi sweety :-)   
hi! :)
hey u too :-)
whatcha been doing? i missed you sweety
oh how fun i guess lol
by sweety :-)
boo! lol
awwww hey you!!! I missed ya tonnes :)
so guyess what
im making a list, im checking it twice.... im gonna find out whose naughty or nice.... santa claus is coming..... to MY HOUSE!!!!
lol, yay
happy 24 days til chrissymas
omg i'm like soooooooo excited, i cant wait!
r u?
oh no, but please tell me
oh yes, plesae pretty please tell me
awwww u do?
like how? lol... coz u live so far
:(
awwww yeah u r!!! 
:)
yeah, i really like talking to u too :)
awwww, ud like tha?
awwww ur so sweet
yeah i bet... :)
so have you written ur list for santa yet?
like wot?
awwww sounds like way fun
i really like talking to u :)
lol, grammy is always saying that
she says i shoulda been born like 50 years ago lol
so i was thinking..
do u think maybe i could call u sometime?
oh sure
i couldnt call from home coz mom would get so mad and like i dont want her to find out bout u
from like school - my friend has a cell fone she takes to skool. her parents dont care what she does
:)
so how was ur day?
aww why?
so r u sweety :)
so i put some new pics on my myspace for ya to see :)
yeah really
do u got like  an email addy?
search in myspace.com for katierella97
well yeah!
coz like myspace deletes ur profiles if u say ur 13
i figured that out after i lost like 2 profiles
yeah so me n my friends put like wer 60 or something lol
i dont know, like 5 new ones or somethin
i called them 'me' lol
awwww ya think?
hey so did u sell ur other cows yet?
oh they did? coz i thought itd be fun if u bought one to utah and called it katie :)
hmmmm like how?
like if i livd with u?
coz do u liv near a school?
oh ok coz like i gotta go to school :(
im excited about high school though :)
it seems way cooler
i dunno, they have like dances n stuff
and the kids drive themselve to school ;)
well, the older ones anyways
awwww how fun, ur like so fun
i think im gonna ask dad for a webcam for xmas 
oh hey, hav u put ur tree up yet?
awww im sorry ur not gonna have a tree
yeah a webcam! he'll probly say no
i asked him a while ago and he said 'hell no'
:(
lol... awwww why?
u sound like my dad
:-p
but mean too
well hes no fun
yeah whatever
he dont let me have no fun
well i dunno, like hed be soooo mad if he knew i chatted on here
i thik he wants me to sit home nad hav no friends
lol s'ok
so r u excited to come to ut?
yeah, itll be so fun for u :)
n then guess wot?
we'll liv in the same state!
yeah huh :)
yeah :)   totally!
ur so fun and cool to talk to, u know that?
ur like so different from my other friends
i dunno, like i luv talkin to u. with my sckool frinds we just talk about like music n clothes n boys n stuff
ur just different
u make me really happy
awww thx :)
so wot u doin tonight?
awww how fun
wot u shoppin for?
awwwww how cool
u know iv been like a really good girl this year..... ;)
yeah i hav
but if like u got me a pressie, how would u get it to me?
awwwww u would??? omg that would be really cool... u wanna????
sure :)
jingle bells... jingle bells.... jingle all the way
oh wot fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh oooooooooohhhhhhhhhh
jingle bells...... jingle bells........ jingle all the way
rudolf the red nosed raindeer.... had a very shiny nose!.... and everywhere that rudolf went, his nose was sure to sglows...
hey ur back ;)
i was singing to ya
do wot?
awwww for realz?
wots ur email addy?
awww ur so sweet... thx
cool :)
really? coz thats like real nice of u
awww u will?
awwww ur soooooo sweet :)
thatd be like soooooo cool
oh hey... moms car is outside, i gotta run k
shell be mad if she hasnt seen me do homework :(
oh yeah, i'll email u!!!!  :)
bye you.... miss ya already
xxxxx
awwww
:-*
hey you :)
how was your day? I missed uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
u got a lappy?
oooohhhhhh, u r too hi-tech for me lolz
boo you! :-p
hi! :)
how are you? I missed ya today :)
sry i didnt get to talk to u last night
good now im talkin to u :)
awww u were? how fun!
yeah, sorry i, i was gonna stay on and talk to u but mom was like bugging me about tidying my room :(
awww coz i like talkin to u too!
so whatcha been doing?
awww thats fun, so like you played santa lol :)
or one of his elfs
lol... ok
so like have you started packing up ur house to move?
oh well that makes it easier i guess
mom says im a bad packer
she says if i took the time to fold stuff, id fit more in
its sooooo cool that your gonna be in the same state as me :)
so like its 22 days til chrissymas!!
lol, why? coz im soooooooooo excited?
oh, u mean the one about the webcam?
nah coz like my friend is always letting me use her stuff lol and sometimes i kinda borrow it forever lol
my friends mom n dad are divorced and she gets like tonnes of stuff
oh hey your back!
lolz.... ur cute
well i dunno, coz like if u mailed it to me, mom would for sure find out coz she gets the mail
so what do you think?
awwww you'd really do that???/ that'd be like sooooooooo cool
yeah
i dunno, some time in january, i don't know where mom put the school holiday calender thing
i dunno, i go to the movies n stuff with my friends
well, i dunno, like just hang out n stuff.... ur so sweet n cool.. i bet ud be really fun to hang out n do stuff with..
i dunno.. not realy.. my town is small but not that small
so like what would you wanna do?
awww yeah, thatd be awesome. would you really come down and see me?
awwww ur so cool
awww thx
yeah, i dunno :)
i just like u a lot
thx sweety
yeah, theres lots of places round here
in the winter, lots of people go to the ski resort like 20 minuts from here. none of my friends like go there tho
awww u would? thatd be sooo cool befor i go back to school
yeah, thatd b so cool ;)
mom n dad work a lot so like i always hang out with my friends. as long as im home by like 5 pm for dinner, theyr cool
yeah, really cool :)
so like what would we do after lunch or somethin?
awwwww.... you'd like really get me something?
awww ur so sweet
thatd be cool
awwww lolz.... thx
sorry... yeah... i had to go pee lolz
so did u think if i could like call u sometime? i wanna hear ur voice :)
oh yeah, good idea, coz like i dont wanna get u in trouble or anythin
oh yeah, course :)
sure :)
hey, i gotta go for my dinner k
oh, what would i wanna do what?
oh ok... coz u can like think of things we can do... ur so cool :)
oh its like so pretty. the mountains are lik really cool with all the snow n stuff
yeah, they like plow the roads real good
moms shoutin me again k
i gotta go befor she comes up here
bye sweety :)
hey sweety
awww hey you!
how r u today?
ok :)
im babysitting later
yeah
what u been doing today?
thats cool.  iv not done much exciting. i got to sleep in this morning :)
til like 10.30 or something! i was soooooo tired
so what football are you watching?
i dunno, i had lots of dreams
lol
oh, so its like college football?
oh cool :)
did u sleep good last night? do u like to sleep late?
oh, like layton in slc?
lolz, 8.30 on a weekend is kinda early lolz
aww you dont?  i love snuggling warm in my bed 
yeah huh lolz, i dunno though coz like i always sleep alone. 
sometimes my dog sleeps on the bed but not much, he gets too hot in the house
so dont you hav any more pics of you that i can see?  :)
well, you sent me lots with your kid, but i wanna see you :)
awww really? why?
well yeah there is... coz then you can show it to me
lolz.... i wanna see your pic :)
so u doing anything fun tonight?
awwww thats cute :)
cool
ur real cute ;)
u always look real happyt
awwww really? why?
awww, that makes me sad to think ur not happy :(
cool :)
well thats good :) coz u make me real happy talkin to u
:)
so is ur dad like a greenbay packers fan?
lolz
lolz
oh cool. it looks real sunny
:)
really? awww... that was rite before we became friends
oh cool. iv never been there but i thimk i remember dad pointing it out one itme
those are really cool pics :)
lolz, thx
like 4 or somethin, i think thats when the lady has to go to work
i think til whenever the dad gets home. hes working too thats why i gotta look after the kids
well i dunno. mom hasnt caught me on here talking to you :)
i asked dad again last nite for one and he said no again :(
coz like i think thatd be sooooo cool
sure, i am!! lolz
mom n dad are outside now arguing about the christmas lites
dads on the roof puttin them up and moms saying hes doing it all wrong n stuff 
yeah huh lol
so its like 21 days til santa comes!
lolz, probly lol
wot, to your house?
really.... have you??
lolz.... uv been naughtY???? like how????
lolz
awww c'mon
naughty is kinda fun sometimes tho
lolz, u do??? like wot?
lolz, cool... .what they do?
well, if i knew that, i wouldnt be askin u silly! loz
so u gonna tell me or do i gotta like guess or somethin?
lolz,.... for real?
lolz... wow, well what they doin nakid?
really? ... do u like watchin stuff like that?
:)   i'v never seen stuff like that
lolz, why?
well yeah. my friend has a bf that she does stuff with 
my age
no, i wouldnt no where to look, i kinda hadnt even thought about it
i duno, they like make-out and do other stuff i guess
i dunno... u do stuff like that with a bf n i dont hav one
im kinda curious to know tho lol
well yeah lolz
well i dunno, what it feels like i guess
well yeah, i guess
yeah lolz
nooooooo lolz.... i dont have a bf silly
no, i see him nakeded from the back 
i kinda went in their room by accident once lolz
i dunno, dad was on his way to the bathroom
but yeah, iv never seen anythin like that bfor
awww would u like that?
:)
yeah huh :)
yeah, i like u a lot
kewl :)
like what?
oh yeah i guess
:)  itd be cool to do stuff or what? lolz
like what?
:)   would u like me to do that to u?
like how?
if youd want me too :)
but iv like never done stuff like that ;)
yeah huh, but like we talk on here n people dont know ;)
no!
coz like i told you, ur my special friend 
i love the things we talk about :)
yeah, its like the history or somethin rite?
oh, yeah, thres like something that you click that clears all ur messages
k
:)
im not like gonna tell anyone about u coz like id get in sooo much truble
yw lolz :)
awwww i am?
why?
aww thx - so r u
im gonna write my christmas cards later
yeah, please :)
really? you wanna do stuff like tha with me? ;)
u know iv never seen that part of a man bfor...
:)
like how does it feel?
u really got pics like that?
if u wanna send it to me.... ;)
yeah
oh yeah, course i wont
;)
soft? like how?
oh wow!! thats like so big
u ther?
yahoo dumped me :(
iv never seen a pic like that befor..
yeah, bad yahoo... bad bad bad yahooo...
well, it came up for like a second so i didnt really see it lolz
u will?
sure
isnt it workin?
yeah i see it.... wow, its big
yeah..
;)
wow
lolz.... i was kinda shocked coz like i havent seen a real one.. ya know.... ur so big...  do u like me seeing stuff like that ? ;)
ur so cool... ya know that..
i always wondered what itd be like to do stuff like that  with a bf
did u just take those pics now?
wow.. so ur like naked?
lolz
are you thinkin about naughty things? 
well i luv that u tell me stuff about what ur thinkin
no, why? i told you, i really like u...
what other grownup stuff hav you thought about?
hmmmmm.....
;)
lolz.... i dunno, why would uthink that?
yeah
oh
well no 
but ur like my friend
oh
but i really like talkin with u n stuff
i thought u said u wanted that?
oh, ok.... im good at keeping secrets n stuff
really? what happens then?
yeah
k... isnt there like other stuff ur supposed to do?
lol, i dunno.. 
does it feel good to u?
do u like when girls use their mouth?
:)
for realz?
tingly like how? like tickly?
really?
so i guess u really like to do stuff that like with girls..
why?
awwwww but ur soooooo sweet
lolz... but u r
awww u r?
awww thx
so like what happens after u touch it n stuff
really?
just by looking at my pic? 
but why? 
its just like my pic!
:)
lol
thx
awwww hey sweety, i gotta go k
mom just shouted up that the lady needs me for sure at 4 so i gotta go get ready
ur so sweett... i enjoyed talkin to u today
:-*
thx sweety... njoy the rest of ur day.. 
byeeeee xoxoxo
awwww hey you!
sory - i was eating :)
leftover chinese mmmmmmmmmmmm orange chicken and wite rice - my fave!!
oh it was ok. i got home at like 11 i think. i got $20 though, so thats well cool!
yeah but she said like she didnt get paid yet. She's a really swet lady and always gets me neat stuff for chrismtas. 
last year she gave me an old navy gift card which was cool
2
theyre like 5 n 3 or something. theyr really good kids 
so tell me what u been doing today? did u watch the football last nite?
woah!! for realz?!
thats like a lot of money
wow
yeah, shes a nice lady. mom says its good to help oeople out n i think she thinks that if im babysitting, i cant get into any truble lolz
lolz, i dunno, lots i guess if i really thougt about it lolz
yeah huh, otherwisse santa wont come to my house
you know its like 20 days left!!!!
yeah, but thats not like a lot of time. I got another cholclate today in my calendar :)   it had a little bell on it
i was supposed to be writing christmas cards with mom today
sure :)
yeah like i shud be. we go to my cousins house at 4 i think for birthday cake n icecream
i wrote some cards alrdy but i thought itd be kinda cool if i could write one to you too ...
oh, i'll only be on for a little bit more coz i still gotta like get changed
sure, i mite still be here :)
k 
lolz - that was like a really quick shower! - 10 minuts!!!! lolz
did u wash yourself properly??? lolz
r u sure?
lolz, like scrubbing ur back?
lolz cool
pppffffffffftttttt whatever!!!! lolz.... yeah you did wanna talk to me lolz
lol
im teasin u ;)
awwww ur sweet
lolz.... thx ;)   so are u!! 
yeah, can i?
i hav to write them to like my aunts n stuff who i havent seen in like forever
coz mom has some stamps here at the house, so i wouldnt hav to go to the post office with her or anything :)
lolz, ur my friend silly
no, i wont coz like if it got returned to me or something, mom would like open it and id be dead!
well not really dead but id hav like a lot of explainin to do! lolz
lolz
yeah if u want me to send it to u
well i guess that woud work
but then like christmas is gone
lolz, im here :)
yeah.... then what lolz
cool! itll be fun to write u a card
:)
awwww so are u huny
>:d<  back atcha lolz
like u bing my bf?
yeah, i thougt about it... ;)
i told u itd be well cool to hang out with u if u really wanna do that :)
ur sooooo cool, i love chattin with u n stuff, itd be awesome to hangout together some day
sure :)  i do lotsa stuff that mom doesnt know about lolz
i dunno, like i skipped class a few times lolz, nothing like really really bad or anything
sometimes in summer whne im alowed to play out late, we like run round and knock on peo;les doors tehen run and hide lolz
i dunno, we just like walk round and hope the trunancy officer doesnt catch us lolz
i only did it a couple times
yeah, well the high school has a local cop thats like the school officer n he checcks the schools in the town too
k, i know :)
oh hey, i like gotta go, moms shoutin k
i'll save u some b'day cake!!  :)
bbyes bye sweety :)
lolz xoxoxoxoxox
hey you :)
hey sweety how r u?
awwww it is?  its real nice down here today :)
ok, gma picked me up from skool
i ran errands with her. she got a chip in her windshield so we went to get it fixed n then she took me back to her house
i just got home
sry - yahoo dumped me :(
yeah - it kinda sux lately huh
so what did u do today?
awwww u did? 
are u tired?
coz that sounds like a LOT of work lolz
k
out of shape? like ur fat or something? lolz
just teasing lolz
omg i got like totally dumped again
awwww really?
coz thatd make me like really sad
awww thx sweety - so are u :)
so u hav lots of wood now for a fire? is that wot you do with it?
awwww, but like when u move to utah, you're gonna have a heater, right?
that makes me sad that ur cold :(
one of my favourite things to do is snuggle under blankets 
wot hotel room?
oh yeah, sry, i forgotted :)
yeah, i bet theyll hav a heater and maybe a pool too!
oh really? wow, hottubs are like awesome. lolz
ur gonna have so much fun
oh cool
so guess what
i got 10 days left of school til we finish for crimble :)
the sucky teachers are probly gonna giv us lots of homework
christmas silly lolz.... i have lots of different words i use for it
lol, thx
i go back to school on 3 january i think it is so i got like 2 weeks of!! yay
i dunno, mom n dad dont hav any time off i dont think. i even think moms gotta work chrissmas day, i dunno tho.
i'll just hang with my friends n stuff, play in the snow too if we get more, go to the movies or whatever
one of my friends sisters has a car so she can take us places if she lets us hang out with her
yeah, i sooooooo cant wait to get a car
actually, lolz, i soooooo cant wait to drive!
no. gma did once lolz. she let me go on her neighborhood rond the block once lolz
was sooooo fun lolz
mom would freek if she knew
mom n dad work a lot. they work in the days. n im usually out with my friends on school breaks anyways. 
yeah.... itd be soooooooooooo awesome to see u ;)
sure :)
awwwww yeah, i should be, huh :) thatd be fun
awww id like that, i bet u giv good hugs :)
lolz thats funny
i love squeezey hugs
theyr fun
awww thatd b nice.  dad doesnt hug me much
awwww
dad is a chrismtas and birthday hugger lolz
yeah, i bet we woud have so much fun
yeah, i bet we woud have so much fun
yeah, i bet!   on the news last nite there was this new tubing hill in slc somewhere, it looked soooooooo cool
awwww how fun!  i love sledding
yeah, sorry, dad asked me a question
he wanted to know if i wanted garlic bread or regular lolz
it was important that i answer
lolz.... what u gonna show me today?
lolz... awww
that looks like an AWESOME sled!!!!
kewl :)
yeah, ur kid is real cute :)
lolz.... well u know i think ur cute ;)
sry - i gotta go k, dad said dinner is ready :)
bye sweety :)
miss u :)
:-*
lolz yeah
i got big red lips too lolz
lolz... byeeeee xoxoxo
hey you ;)  boo! lolz
hows ur day been?
aww really?
mine was ok i guess. i feel kinda yucky today thogh, i thnk im getting sick :(
yeah, i got headache, i hate headaches
last year i had a sinus infection for 3 weeks, it sucked so bad
u there?
yeah i know, i will
i might have a sick day tomorrow if i dont feel good
its kinda not much fun bein home alone though lolz
especilaly in winter when its too cold to g outside
so why was your day slow n boring?
didn't u do anything fun?
u must have like soooooooooooooooooooooooo much wood now?
bet u can make like a really nice fire with it all :)
oh it does?
mom got our gas bill last night. her and dad argued about it all night. :(
oh the one i put on the yahoo messenger thing?
i thought i already put that on my myspace?
its just one of thoes ones where like you hold the camea high in the air and click lolz
i think its kinda fun
coz like u can see much of my face lolz
its kinda mysterious lolz
sory - yahoo dumped me. yahoo like really sux these days, huh
u there?
awwww hey sry - i got dumped :(
so we had like the prettiest sunset tonight
sooooo cool
i really like looking at sunsets n stuff
oh the one on yahoo?
i dunno, a bit ago i guess, i dont remember
it was just on dads camera
lolz - u like it?
it makes me look mysterious coz like u can see much of my face lolz
lolz, cool :)
i been thining about you :)
or thinking lolz
yeah, coz like you make me real happy n stuff and are just like real cool to talk too
its also really cool that you tell me stuff like what we talked about the other day
aww thx ;)
i got to open door number 8 on my calendera this morning :)
my chocolate had like a candy cane on it
well on like my advent calendear silly 
where yo pull back the little cardboard flap - they're like little doors :D
so what are you doing tonite?
awww u make me sad when you say that
i bet there is something really fun, ur just not telling me lolz
lolz, well u know like people kinda make their own fun
thats what gma says when i complain i'm bored n stuff
so why dont u make ur own fun?
what would you do if like u could do anything in hte world?
you would?
isn't it kinda cold for golfing right now?
there's like lots of snow everywhere, you'd lose your balls
oh hawaii sounds sooooooo cool. Can i be the person that carries your golf bag or drives the car?
awesome, cos that job looks really cool n kinda fun lolz, plus i'd be able to wear cute outfits ;)
oh hey, i gotta run k coz moms car is outside
bye sweety xoxox
awwww hey you!
i didn't think i was gonna get to talk to u today
coz u were marked as 'busy' n then we're going to gmas in a minute for dinner
hows ur day been?
i missed you :)
i dunno what gmas making - probably something on teh bbq - its been real nice here today :) getting kinda cold now tho
what u been working on?
lol.... oooooohhhh ok. like fixing a tractor or somethin?
lolz... jsut teasing :)
oooohhhh lolz ok
oh, like cutting up dead anmals?
like when you go hunting?
ewwww... u had to do that?
oh yum! i looooooovvvvveeeeeeeee sausages!
n pork chops too - i really love apple sauce with eiter of them yummmmm
i actually really love apple sauce period.
why? lolz
lolz, thanks i guess lolz
I was watching  a show last night on tv about alaska... omg, it looks soooooooooo pretty there
kewl. the people last night were hunting and fishing - the fish were huge and when they pulled them out the water, they had to whak them on the head
it looked kinda fun i guess, i dunno, lolz
like that kid game where the things pop up and you whak them down again real quick lol
oh hey, gotta pee, brb k
ok, i'm back :)
how has your weekend been?
ok. its been real sunny so i been outside which has been good :)
i only got 5 more days of school!!! 
i know, thatws like sooooooooo cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool im soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo excited :)
do u know where you gonna be staying yet?
:d :d:d:d
u gonna be in the same state as me :)
yay
oh, why?
:(
oh :(
ok :(
yeah, what ?
:)
yeah, i heard about that i think. theres like a show on tv or something ?
and?
u still here?
lolz, sry
lolz, s'ok
whatcha doing?
kewl, is it nice and warm?
lolz, what u talkin about?
oooohhhhhh, well im not gonna get u in trouble silly, how would i?
oh, yeah, i hear ya, 
coz like i dont want u to get in any trouble - i really like you
so like whatever you think is the right thing to do, i dunno
yeah, i hate that :(
yeah, dad would like ground me forever
yeah, and like i dont want that. i really like talkin to u :)
thx :)
in a couple mins i guess. we gotta be there i think at 6, i dunno, mom will shot
kewl
i put some on myspace hte other day silly
type my email addy in the myspace search box
lemme try and link u
:)
did u find it yet?
lolz freals?
kewl lolz
lolz.... ur sweet
lolz.... thnx i guess 
aww thx :)
so what u doin tonighte?
kewl, they playin again?
oh, i watched them play last sunday. n i thought of you :)
they won, didn't they?
against like the colts?
omg, my uncle was like freaking out coz he really likes hte colts
it was my cousins bday party, remember, n like all the guys were watchin tv, it was crazy. half them like the colts n half like the cowboys
who are the eagles from?
oh ok, i dont much know about football lolz
awww u do?  thx
lolz, thanks :)
yeah, we finish on the 17th - thats friday i think? and then i got 2 weeks off. I gotta go back on 3 january :(
omg, yeah, well cool :)  
i get to sleep in every day :)
oh sure i will :)
lolz... but i can talk to u when mom n dad are working or somethin
yeah, i know, wouldnt that be kewl :)
yeah, i know. my clothes drawer would be good - mom n dad never look in there, i dont think anyways lolz
yeah kinda i guess
sure :)
awwww hey sweety, ur back!!! yay
what did u go do?  i bet you went pee????? lolz
u liar... i can see ur nose growing like pinochio
yeah, whatever, lolz... if we had a webcam, ur nose would be touching the screen lolz
wel, kinda not really lolz
dad put eh lights up but then has been real busy working n stuff
so has mom
no. i went shopping with mom yesterday to get some more stuff but she said she ran out of money 
yeah i know. she still has a lot of bils on the fridge to pay. her and dad hav been fighting a lot about that
s'ok
he drives trucks
sometimes in utah n sometimes long distance
they been cutting his hours back lately though, thats what mom says anyway
i dunno, lots i guess. last year he had one of the fridge wagsons with food
he used to carry stuff for panda express one time. my favourite :)
yeah. i didnt get any tho
lolz
yeah huh.. i know! 
why would they haul water?
u have oil up there?
really? why is it in a field?
oh lolz
oh, so they have like lots of big things to pump it with?
for like work for my dad?
awwww kewl. .. ur real sweet for thinkg of us, thx
kewl... itd be so much better if like dad was working away. maybe him and mom wouldnt fight so much then
yeah probly
oh hey sweety, i gotta run k.. i gotta get ready for gmas :)
thank you!!!
thanks. u too. goooooo cowboyz!!!!!!!
lolz... ur cute.   thx :)
they know i use it for school stuff. like to help with homework n stuff. and i think they know i have a myspace but i dont use thatmuch
oh, good idea! thx... ur real sweet for thinking :)
thx huny.. me too :)
bye xoxoxo
>:d<
hey huny :)
:-p  booo yah lolz
how was ur day?
did u do something fun?
im pleasd you had an ok day. mine was ok too i guess
boring lolz
i just keep wishing the time away til friday :d
we had my friends birthday treat lunch today. it was fun :)
all our friends took a little lunch treat
well, it was just us girls. we each took a little desert cake - like a twinkie or something n we ate it at school lolz
yeah, there was no candles or anything coz then like wed probably have got expelled for setting a fire in school or something really dumb like that lolz
but we pretende there was candles lolz
just at lunch recess - it was real nice sunny out today :)
shes gonna hacve a sleepover when we finish school so thatll be well cool if mom lets me go
yeah, lunch
ooohhhh lolz, yeah on cchristmas break
i love sleepovers, theyre so much fun
so what u gonna do tonite?
awww thats cool - is it the college playing tonight?
kewl :)
brb k.. moms hsouting about something
ok i back, sry :)
apparently i left my shoes on the stairs and mom tripped over them
so she was yelling at me coz they had mud on the bottoms :(
lolz... she pretty mad. im supposed to leave them in the mud room but i forgot today
but like the dog makes way more mess than i do lolz
lolz yeah he is
i wanna get me a cute puppy dog
i dunno what he is. we got him from the shelter - hes like a hound mix type thing
hes a big dog
lolz, i dunno, something tiny and cute that i can dress in sweaters n something that doesnt do big poops that i gotta scoop up lolz
so are you gonna miss ur cows?
r u gonna get a dog when you come to utah?
lolz.. really? like utah cows?
but who would feed themn n stuff?
awww well thats cool then :)   ur mom n dad sound like pretty cool people
lolz ... u guess?
awww really? u wont keep them for very long?  do u like give them names n stuff?
remember u said you were gonna name one katie for me :d  ;)
i should buy me a cow huh lolz.. to like make money. its probably easier than babysitting lolz
yeah i guess
will u send me a pciture of the katie cow? lolz
k, well when you do lolz ;)
did u have ur dinner yet?
nope. moms cooking. we having ribs or something. we should have smelly-vision so u can smell it
lolz.. smells good :)
what u gonna eat?
itd be cool if u could come hang out for dinner :)
mom always makes like a ton of food
lolz.. yeah, probly not :(
dads working away tonight so itlll be nicer at home :)
not til like way late or something. he called mom n said he got delayed on a load or something. i think hes in california n they didnt have his load ready to bring back here
so he was waiting
mom usually goes to bed real early to read her book or watch tv or something
well mom says my bedtime is 9.30 on school days but i have a little flastlight that i sometimes use to read magazines or books under the covers coz sometimes im not sleepy at that time
lolz... yeah, i guess, i dunno, sometimes i cant sleep and if like i read a bit, i can sleep easier, it makes me sleepy sometimes
i use dads old lappy
im suposed to use it in the family room but mom doesnt care if im doing my homework in my room
i was hoping to get a new compuer for chrismtas coz this one is like really slow but i dont think i will
get one
lolz... s'ok. i got thi sone :)
n we can talk here :)
so its cool
lolz, mmmmmmm.... i dunno. i asked mom for like money for clothes n stuff. i asked her again for a webcam but she just looked at me n said 'kat, yeah, like really????'
whatever that means
gma will give me money :) she always does
i want some jeans n boots 
so i might buy those with my chrismas money
i dunno, like hte ones u showed me before
i dunno, like hte ones u showed me before
i just relaly like boots lolz
lolz... n so do you!!! lolz
u were like so funny cute that one time u were sending me all those links lolz... i really love u... ur so awesome!
omg ugg boots are like omg awesome!!!
i dunno, probly a lump of coal. thats what dad says im gonna get this year lolz
i dunno. dad likes chocolate n black likorish
i might get mom a hand cream or something. gma will come look for something with me :)
oh hey, i gotta go, k, mom said dinners ready :)
bye sweety... im gonna miss u :)
:-*
hey :)
hey sweety :)  i missed ya
oh i know it!!!! lolz. 
i'm baking cookies tonight to take to my friends at school tomorrow
omg, im sooooooooooo excited :D
I dont have any money to buy gifts for my friends so i thought i'd make cookies instead :)
not much, it was boring. everyone was like goofing off because it was the second to last day of school. one kid in my class got sent to the principles office for being bad
he had chewed the end off a pen and was making like spit balls at his friend on the other side of the class
it was actually really funny
and it took time away from class while the teacher was getting mad at him lolz
yeah
most of them are ok though if we behave ourselves lolz
7th
kewl
awww thats cool. you seem like a really cool guy to be doing stuff with ur nieces
sometimes i go hiking n stuff with my uncles and cousins, n thats fun
awwww u would? thats so sweet of u... id really love to do things with you too :)
yeah, i tried to tell her but she's been kinda crabby lately. her and dad hav been fighting a lot
he stayed the night at gma's the other day
yeah, s'ok. mom spends a lot of time in her room when she's here, either reading or watchin tv or stuff. i think she cries a lot too
i feel really bad but its happier when they arent together, coz then they dont argue
coz i hate hearing them yell at each other
i know, but its ok, i just really love chatting with you - you make me real happy and make me forget sometimes what goes on here
i just really love hanging with you here
oh crap, brb k, i gotta check my cookies!
kewl :)
so what u gonna do tonight? 
sure
lolz, me too but i burned my tongue on a cookie :(
they are chocolate kisses ones 
yeah but thye are well nasty hot n now my tongue hurts
yeah, i need an icecube
or yeah, you can kiss it better if you really wanna lolz
lolz... ur so cool, itd probly make my poorly tongue feel better
i got a cold bottle of water tho but its not helping much
serves me right for stealing cookies lolz
i dunno, not much longer, i havnet had my dinner yet n i gotta take a bath before bed
ok, go, i might still be here, i gotta go pee pee anyways lolz
sure, get me something too, coz im hungry lolz
something cold though
kewl :)
hey :)
awww u r there :)
i been missing u. i been on a couple times but u werent :(
oh u did?
are u nakided??
lolz, just teasing u
omg, having way too much fun lolz. i forgot how awesome school holidays are lolz
i stayed at jazzs house for 2 nites n then at gmas for a night too with dad
we got 8ft of new pow pow in the mountains so im going sledding tomorrow with jazz
yeah, omg the weather has been soooo crazy here. they got floods bad in zion national park but the mountains got slammed with snow
theyv had the mountain road closed for 3 days now
yeah, they got it open now i think
dad was well mad. he got stuck on monday night n had to stay over
yeah, s'ok tho. i havent seen him much this week
him n mom are still fighting
dads taking mom to vegas next week shopping or someting. they gonna try n 'talk things over' is what mom keeps saying
i dunno yet
im not allowed to go with them. mom says its best if they have time alone or something
s'ok coz like i really dont want to go anyway. itll be way more fun to hang back here
are u excited for santa to come to ur house?
lolz, cool. what did u put on ur list???
lolz... thats quite a list lolz
ur so cute
what do u want underwar for ? lolz
u should get some dallas cowboyz underwear ;)
lolz, kewl then
well, we got a chrismas party at gmas tomorrow nite. she has one like every year n santa turns up for the littl ekids
we open some gifts tomorrow nite with gma but i dont kjnow this year. i dont know if dad will be home or still at gmas
coz mom n dad are fighting
he went to stay there on like last friday, i dunno
then he was away working for a couple days n went back gto gmas when he got home :(
mom said its best if her and dad have their space or something
nah, i kinda like it when they dont fight
dads just at gmas so i can see him when i want kinda
yeah
i kinda hope mom n dad work things out next week n dad comes home but i dont really care i guess. its nice not to hear them arguing n stuff
thx, me too :) s'ok, itlll be kewl i guess
so what about u? r u like really excited to come to utah?
yeah iguess theres lots for u to do but itll be really fun for you?
awwww thats so cool u have things planned with him
i bet ur son is really happy ur gonna be living near him
i hope you find somewhere really nice and happy :)
im sooooooo excited ur gonna be coming to utah!~
i dunno, coz like ur gonna be in the same sate as me!
its just a nice feeling, i dunno lolz
ur like a really special friend
aww thx :)
hav u had lots of snow there?
oh hey, did i tell u about the new ski place thats opened up?
that scool :)
oh, its called eagles nest or something and is in beaver 
u should google it, it just opened like this week or something
i really wanna go
it looks well cool
its a town a half hour above my town
mom got me new snow boots last weekend
:)
i love em!
but we got no snow this week :(
they are brown with a black toe end n they have fur round the top
they are just from walmart, nothing fancy
mom says they are practical
n will keep my feet warm n dry
lolz, i relly like em
not cute like jazzs, but i still like them :)
her dad came back from a work trip n got her some Ugg boots - omg sooooo cool
yeah, shes my bestest friend
we been friends since before kindergartn
yeah, shes well cool. i love her tonnes
shes gone on a date tonite with her new bf
\oh, i went to hte movies today :)
yeah, well shes only my age but her parents dont care much what she does
we went to see Tangled
it is soooooooo funny cute, we laughed so much
oh n then i went to see the Tourist last weekend - that was really good too
awwww relly?
our movie place got all new stuff and is well cool
mom lets me go to the movies n to mcdonalds
its fun to hang out
sorry - yahoo dumped me ;(
so what u gonna do tonite?
awww cool.  :)
is ur son coming for chrismas?
awww,w but next year, you can have him?
I gotta go for my dinner anyway k
bye sweety
Happy Christmas to my specialest friend :)
bye sweety
im gonna think of u on chrismas :)
:-*
>:d<
sending u a chrismast hug too :)
lolz, so r u 
im really happy ur coming to utah
i gotta run k
bye :)
xoxoxoxo
hey sweety. sorry i didn't get to get on much over chrismast. i hope you had a really fun one. hurry and come to utah! :)  luv katie xoxox
hey sweety :)
did u make it?!
oh yay!!!
thats sooooooooo cool :d that we're in the same state
welcome to utah lolz
when did u get here?
kewl :)
where are u?
its so good u got here already coz theres like a really bad storm cming in tomorrow mom said
but u can still go cant u?
oh yeah :(
how far are u from him?
awwww well thats well better than living in nd, rite?
did u find somewhere nice and warm to stay? .... somewhere with indoor heating?????
yeah :
what kinda stuff are you looking for?
oh yeah, ur really good at math lolz :d
i shud have u help me with pre-algebra :(
u shud come down here and work at the new ski resort :)
nah, mom doesnt like ski-ing 
hopefully i get to go soon coz i realy wanna check it out. everyones talkin about it
i dunno, mom doesnt much like snow n stuff - she complains all teh time lolz
i wanna go try ski-ing
so tell me what santa got u?
awwwww why?
woah!!!! thats awesome
u got spoiled :)
lolz
i am so happy u are here :)
lolz. thx. it just makes me feel warm and fuzzy to know u are not too far away :)
sorry sweety i got dumpeded :(
good :)
are u warm in ur house?
uh really? why? thats kinda weird. we dont have cable at home so thats all we get is the local stuff
i guess ur just gonna watch a lot of movies then?
wow, sucky tv. u can read lots of books and talk to me then :)
lolz uh-oh
u can go to a sports place to watch them can't u?
dad sometimes does that - he goes to st george with his friends to watch sports when theres a big game
lol.. mom gets mad at dad when he asks to go there
they go to las vegas on wednesday night so hes probably going to want to go there lolz
yeah, its a restaurant place where the girls wear little clothes. mom says all the girls are fake like barbie lol
i think mom is just jealous tho lol
lol.. how do u know???
oh lol. mom would never let me go somewhere like that. dad says mom shud work there because the girls probly get really good tips. mom doesnt wear little clothes tho
why arent u hungry?
oh u did!!!!! 
what did u eat?
i hope u saved me some leftovers?
;)
yeah... panda silly
awwww, s'ok.
i had a ham sandwich for lunch from the christmast lunch leftovers lolz.. i would have rather had panda tho
oh yum! lemme guess....
orange chicken and the beef???
hmmmmmm......... chow main?
errrrr...... beef
the spicy one
lolz, mmmmmmmmmmmm
yummmmmmmmy
i got dumped again sry :(
lolz, thatnks sweety :)
u shud hang out n hav fun tonite :)
u shud. go hav fun :)
i wish i was old enuf to go out n hav fun
lolz.. yeah
sure - i gotta go eat my dinner too k :)
bye sweety xoxoxo
:-*
hey sweety. sory i missed ya. did u get lots of snow last nite? we got lots!! i hope you wer able to go see hockey with your son. luv katie xox
hey sweety. sory i missed ya. did u get lots of snow last nite? we got lots!! i hope you wer able to go see hockey with your son. luv katie xox
hey sweety :)  sorry i missed u again :(  i'm still at my gmas n she doesnt much like me using her computer. Hey guess, what, the date tomorrow is 1/1/11.. how kewl is that??!!! luv katie xoxo
boooooo yaaaaaaaaaa lolz :-p  ;)
awwww hey sweety!!! i been missing ya. i was worried i wasnt going to get to chat to you today :)
ima ok, back to school is sucky tho :(
so are you enjoying life in the your new place?
have you made new friends yet?
oh fun! we have one of those here in town. we dont got a pool tho :(
oh cool, so u can go to the other gyms too?
cool.  so do you hav lots of snow?
we got lots and its real icy too. jazz fell over on the way to the bus and hurt her ankel real bad
yeah, she really hurt herself :(
so did u see the little fockers movie yet?
yes, omg, its soooooooo funny
i peed my pants a little bit coz i was laughing so hard lol
yeah :\"> just like a little bit lol
u gotta see it, its soooooooo funny
yeah :(
have you started looking yet?
yeah i guess
so did u find a gf yet????
lol i dunno... just asking! :)
i want u to be happy
thx... kadie is cool lolz
lol, i mite change my name lolz
lolz, u could be ricardo lolz
so what u gonna be doing tonite?
kewl. who is playing?
are you gonna hang at hooters again???? lolz
lolz.... possibly????? i think that means 'oh yes kadie' i sure am!!!! lolz
u cant fool me
ha ha ha ha haha hah BUSTED!!!!!
so do u think the weather is cold rite now or is it warm compared to where u came from?
awwww hey!!! lolz
u kept that secret
omg, WARM?????? are you kidding me????
oh yeah, happy new years sweety :)
i think the cowboys played on christmas didnt they?
we watched them play i think. my one uncle likes the colts n his friend that was there likjed the cowboys
awwwwwwww, no more cowboys for you???
awwww im sorry sweety
lolz. im sorry. i shoud have cheered louder huh
do u watch hawayi five 0?
lolz... yeah its my fault :(   
;)
u shud watch it sometime. its a cool show
its on kinda late for a school nite but sometimes mom lets me stay up if ive got my homework done
i was awake at 4 this morning :(
couldnt sleep
lolz, i dunno. just wondering i guess what this years gonna be like ya know
n i just could sleep, dunno why
why was u up easly?
or early even lolz
what was you thinking about?
:)
gma took me shopping after school yestefday for new clothes :)
well kinda sweet not really lolz. she got me church clothes :(
i got a skirt, a cute little tank and a little black sweater / cardie
theyre kinda cute but still church clohes :(
sometimes mom makes me go with gma. 
her Ward is kinda cool. i dunno. mom n dad think its important i go to church. dunno why. i told htem when im 18 im not like going on a stupid mission or anything. i'm goilng to be famous and travel the world!
yeah, well i hope so anyway
my neighor just graduated the basica training thing in Texas. she looked so awsesome in her army uniform
n so happy too. she got her a cute new bf too
lolz yeah. thatd be soooo cool to go to another state like that. and now she's gone to train in whatever it is shes doing n then maybe she'll get sent to another country or something. she's well excited i guess.
what time does ur football start?
k :(
i gotta go eat in a bit anyways
moms making mexican food tonighte :)
are you gonna wear ur shorts to the hooters?
lolz... k, coz like i dont want u to get sick or nuthin lolz
mmmm i salad
i like the asian chicken salad, so yummmm
mom sometimes gets that at applebes n i steal bites :)
ok good coz thers nobody to care for you up there
do u like the place you are living in?
awww thats cool. so you can have ur music really loud?
I got Katy perry cds - 2 of them for christmas. they are cool :)   shes so awesome
don tu like music?
when i'm in the house by myself i turn the music up really loud and sing and dance lolz
aww well thats cool
gma listens to the pbs radio or whatever that is, its kinda boring :(
i stayed at her house for 2 nites ths week
yeah shes cool. shes kinda old tho so she goes to bed real early n gets up real early. 
gpa snores realy bad too. you cna hear him through the walls lolz
omg so on new years it was like freezing rmember?
we tried to light some fireworks at my uncles house but they wouldnt lite coz it was sooooo cold
my aunt was complainin because her ciagarett kept going out lol
omg, it was FREEEEEEEEEEZING
it was 9 below here
i thought i was gonna die on the way hoe lolz
gma let me stay up til 1am on new years :)
lol yeah, my aunt says smokeing is like breathing to her. i hate it, it stinks
yeah it was well cool. 
did u know that its a tradition in mexico and like some place sin eruope to wear red underwear on neww years?
yeah, if u wear red panties when it turns midnite, its supposed to give u like god luck for the next year :)
well yeah, u should have seen gmas, they were HUGE lolz
lol yeah, thats what i thought. i could have made a flag out of them 'camp good luck' lolz
thx lol
so when are ur mom n dad coming tovisit you?
oh wow, ok, do u miss them
awww freals?
i cant wait to live on my own, its gonna be soooooo kewl
mom says im in for a big surprise when i dont have anyone to care for me, but its ok  lolz, i stil can twait
i dunno, itll still be fun. i can play music loud, hang with my friends, go to be dlate and not eat my  brocolli lolz
yeppers :)  lolz
have you seen the 'salt ' movie with angelina jolie?
its cool. dad rented it so i watched it with hinm. its kinda confusing because its about like russian spys n stuff but it was cool. shes like a real action girl, so cooool lolz
oh n then me n gma wentto see th eTangled cartoon movie about rapunzel. it was cool too. real cute
i kinda saw a lot of movies over christmas i guess :)
yeah but i thought it went fast
staying at gmas was kinda boring but it was ok i guess
lolz yeah, n guess what?
dad came back home :)
him and mom went to las vegasd last week and i guess are frinds again :)
well for a bit anyway, he did this once before
oh hey, i gotta run k
moms shouting n the house smells yummy.. i wishd we had scratch n sniff puters then u could smell it lolz
be good at hooters k lolz
n have fun!!
lolz k
i missing ya already :-*
byeee xoxoxoxo
>:d<
n dont forget to put some long warm pants on k
lolz k. byeeee xoxoxo
booooooooo ;)  :d
hey sweety, havent seen you online in a few days. hope your having fun. luv katie xoxo
booooooo yaaaaaaaa lolz :-p
lolz. hey back atcha! hows ur day?
loz...... dont die on me - promise!?
that would make me real sad
are there many good jobs u found?
kewl. well they gotta give you a job soon because ur real sweet and very clever with math :d
so what u gonna do tonite?
kewl :)
how was the hooters the other night? 
lol
omg its like soooo cold today huh
it was real funny this morning coz i put my dog outside when i get up so he can go pee pee n when i got him back inside, he had mini icilces hanging from his wiskers lolz
he looked so sad sat there shivering
today was a long underwear kinda day like my gma says lolz
lolz
you probably dont even think its too cold, huh?
lolz, i knew u would say that. its FREEZING here
i just got back from walking my dog n thought my nose n ears were gonna fall off
s'ok lolz. they are starting to burn now so i know theyr thawing out
oh, n dont let me forget to put hte trash out k, its trash day in the morng
mom'll be mad if she has to put it out when shes done workin
boring as usual :(
i did all my homework in clas today lolz
so i can watch my shows tonite. monday has like really good tv :)
yeah, school is so boring sometimes. i wish theyd give us harder, more intersting stuff to do
i cant wait to do success acadmy next year. thats gonna be awesome
lolz. i dunno, dad says i'm a smart ass sometimes
i got the next hunger games book to read :)
so i might start that tonite
those boks are soooooo cool. i love em
oh guess what
i saw some really good movies on the weekend. Have you seen the new true grit movie?
omg that was soooo kewl. i so wanna be like that girl
you should go with your son, he might like it, its got cowboyz n stuff in
oh n then i saw Inception. thats a well complicated movie.
it was sooooo cold this weekend, i stayed home and watched movies lolz
omg, it was NASTY
mom is making me keep the house at 69 f coz the bill was too high last month :(
its sooooo cold :(
lolz, freals?  wow. how hot is ur house?
are you hot?
kewl :)
i have 3 blanketsz on my bed loz
yeah, its not lol
i managed to wrap one of the blankets tight round myself n got out of bed to go pee n tripped over lol
mom said she thoughtthere was someone in the house trying to kidnap me coz of all the banging lolz
oh hey, guess what
i planted some bulbs with gma on tthe weekend n she gave me some to bring home in a plant pot n iv had them sat in the sunshine and theyre growing already!!!
they're gonna be pretty white flowers. i forget what they're called but thye looked real pretty on the packet. we found them on sale at home depot. Gma really likes that place
yeah, i luve to watch stuff grow. its fun
hopefully they will stay alive lol. i dont have much success with stuff like that
yeah, hope so. gma normally lets me grow stuff at her house but i know she secretly looks after it when i'm gone lol so it doesn tdie
oh yeah, coz then i can pretend i grew it all by myself lol
i cleaned out my fishes thsi weekend too n now their tank is all shiny clean and bright again lol
i'd left it kinda long n their water was yucky!
yeah at least they can see out their tank windows now lol
oh hey, n guess what
i get monday off school :d
Martin luther king is awesome fo giving us a day off school :)
noooo!!!!!!!!!! frealsz??????
omg, that would be soooooooo awesome
i went once when i was like 4 or something but course i totally dont remember
whys he going ther?
besides to hav fun course lol
wow. i so wanna go there some day
thats like a real long way from here, huh
oh kewl
wow
is he so excited?
wow, thats awesome
hope i get to go some day
oh yeah i bet!
so what are you gonna do?
when ur son is gone?
awwwww. well u can talk to me :d
i dunno what im gonna do this weekend on my day off
moms gotta work she said
yeah, dad leaves town on thursday too
i might ask mom if i can go stay with jazz on sunday night or something
gma's is real fun but ive been ther ekinda a lot lately
yeah probly :)
shes kinda been getting in trouble lately
shes got this new boyfriend n i dont like him much
he hangs out with the kids in junior high - like hte bad kids
i dunno why she likes him
sure :)
booooo you :)
how was ur day?
woah.... plasma????? that like really hurts right??
but dont they like stick a needle in ur bone or something?
oh so just like giving blood rite?
awwww ur real sweet. mom says its real important to donate blood n stuff. mom would be proud of you :)
wow, but u gotta be an adult thogh?
oh ok, i was hoping to get some extra pocket money lol
i got rare blood too - do you think they'd pay more for it?
huh. is yours special?
lolz... i was teasing ya cos your special to me :)
ok i guess. it was like real cold again today. i hate the winter. i want it to be summer.l i don't much like winter clothes lol
i lost my gloves AGAIN. moms gonna be mad if she finds out
i think i left em on the bus but i dont remembeer wearing them when i got on, so i dunno lo
well i loaned them to jazz yesterday i think coz she lost hers n my hands werent cold
then anyways.... they were freezing on the walk from teh bus lol
no lol. jazz probly has em, i'll ask her later
so how was yoru football last nite?
22 for your team right?
lol, so u must hav liked both sides?
it sounds like it was a good game coz the scores were real close togeher
aww thats real cool. im pleased you had fun
so did you see any fun jbs to apply for?
kewl :)
our ski resort place was on the news the other day
well it was something about the spa beautiy place they have there n some deals or something. it was on like the cbs channel i think in the morning
the one with the Casey man
i only got 3 days of school left then i got a 3 day weekend :d
yeah i cant wait :)
i can sleep in for 3 whole mornings :) lol
if mom doesn tleave me a list of chores to do
oh n i forgot to put out the trash last night and had to do it this mornign lolz
lol yeah, i did it before the bus came so i didnt miss the trash men
yeah :) mom was in a bad mood when she came home last night
i didnt want to make her madder lol
ok i guess. they dont much see each other. dad goes out of town in a couple days n moms working extra shifts. 
someimes i wish theyd get divorced. one of my friends parents are divorced n she gets all kinds of cool gifts from both her parents - i think they feel bad they dont live together any more
yeah but i dont ever see that happening, they havent loved each other for years i dont think
they been fighting as long as i cna remember
dad says mom likes working so much coz theres a dorctor at te hospital that she really likes,i dunno thogh
lol, maybe mom does have a secret boyfriend, i dunno
she started wearing perfume to work a few momths back so maybe lolz
ewwwww thats a really gross thought tho - my mom has a bf - yuck! lol
wow, that would really suck lol. my mom got a bf n i dont :(  
am not! lol some of my frinds at school got them
yeah i guess, i dunno :)
would still be kinda cool tho
sorry - yahoo dumped me :(
hey sweety :)
gotta run sweety. i'm at gmas n she has my dinne ready.
i been missing ya :)
boooo yaaaaaa lolz :-p
hey sweety :d
how you been doing?
sorry. dumped :(
lolz, why?
what you doing?
freals? awesome :)
what you applying for?
cool :)
wow, yahoo really hates me today :(
lolz
so are you liking salt lake?
you probly need me to let you fill out your form huh?
lolz, u cool :)
i just be hanging out here. wish i could help you type your form
s'ok i guess. i got homework this weekend :(
i gotta right some paper on JFK
it was his ingration speech yesterday or something
i cant ever remember that word lol
hows your form doing?
lolz, im sorry :(
is it sunny weather?
cool - same here. i didnt even gotta wear a tshirt when i walked my dufus dog tonight :)
lolz, i mean didnt gotta wear a coat, just my tshirt
so what you gonna do tonight?
awww really?
did your boy have fun in disneyworld?
oh thats sooooo cool. i really wanna go some day :)
lolz... i just got dancing monky in jungle jewels! yay lolz
lolz, its a silly online game, its kinda fun
lolz, i got an elephant wsher now lolz
ewwww.. can you imagine washing an elefant, wow, stinky!!!
dad showed me this email the other day where this lady got horse poop on her head, it was gross!
have you been to the hogel zoo
really? wow. is it cool?
we went to seaworld one time in sandiego. that was fun
i liked the seal lions the best, they did this show, it was fun
yeah, i was little but i remember them
do you hav any fun plans for the wekedn?
awww thats so fun. :)
i dont know.  i got my homework to do n im gonna sleep tomorrow too :)
mom might make me go to church with gma on sunday but i hope not
so guess what?
its valentines day next month :)
n then i get the 20th i think off school for hte president day :)
in febuary
so i been researching the president kenedy. i think he was ok. do you know anything abouthim?
thats what i gotta do my paper on
yeah, it was kinda real sad
gma said there was this show on pbs about him being shot. she said it was real good with the old tv clips n stuff
his wife seemed real pretty. 
i wish they would show tv shows like that at the time when i gotta do my paper!
then i could just have gma teevo the show n write my paper from the show! bada bing easy!! lolz
I would like to go see the white house some day. it looks soooooo cool
woah, freals?
thats like really long
my paper is on how his speech tried to end poverty, disease and war
n how i think what he said would try to do that
like, well i dunno lol. he said that stuff, not me!
lol, gpa said he'd help me with stuff but he forgets stuff real easy
he said our country isnt doing much fo rus right now
i think id get in trouble if i let gpa write my essay lol
did you know that jfk was the 35th president. thats kinda cool i think
and it snowed like right before he did his speech too :0
whered you go? :(
booooooo ;)
hi sweety. how areyou?
I been missing ya
I'm ok thanks. it got really cold
did you get your job apps filled out?
oh cool. do you got an interview?
you still got all day tomorrow to do that tho
oh that is sooooooooo exciting. I will cross all my fingers n toes for you :d
so what you do today? have you been seeing your son lots?
oh ouchy, did it hurt?
you're brave :d
so what is your job interview for?
cool... you gotta get it. how could they not give it to you?
you're smart, funny, handsome n soooooo cool :)
yeah, but those are important, especially the smart part
ok i guess. 
dads work got busier. he's away somewhere in california i think. he gets home tomorrow n moms been working lots too so they haventn see each other much which is good lol
i been at gma's quite a bit too
yeah im cool. i just love to se eyou nline to chat to
you make me happy n i love that you are in utah :)
aww thx sweety :)
i heard that it snowed in salt lake today
cool
its just real cold here
so how you doing anyway? are you liking utah?
awwww sweety. im sorry your bord a lot. that sux. i get bored a lot too coz mom n dad always seem to be workin n they dont let me see my friends on school nites if they not home
yeah lol it does
itd be cool if you livd closer
oh fun!
dad took me to hang out at my uncles on sunday n we watched the steelers n the jets
i thought of you :)
or maybe it was the new york team, i dont remember lol
lolz cool... i know you like the cowboys. im sorry they arent in the superbowl. that kinda sux for you huh
so who you gonna be cheering for coz i'll cheer for the same team as you :)
lolz, i bet!
so did you eat ur dinner yet?
lolz. i dont know what to eat. mom isnt home yet
and i'm hungry
yeah for now
what time does your game start?
coz moms working
she should be done soon i guess. she never comes home when she says she will
shess a nurse at the hospital
she helps out in whatever department they need her to.
oh, i dont know lol. sometimes if shes in the ER or something they have accidents n stuff, i dunno. sometimes she goes to the store or whatever
sometimes i think she doesnt want ot come hom
s'ok lol. she never seems happy to come home. i think its coz of all the problems with dad, n she always complains how nobody helps here n the house is always a mess or whatever
yeah, i have my list of chores. i load the dishwasher, do laundry n walk the dog. and i gotta tidy my room too
dad has his list too but he never does it. i usually do it for him n he pays me lol
yeah it does for me
sure. have fun k :)   i'm gonna miss you.
bye sweety :)   >:d<
bye xoxoxoxoxox
hi sweety :)
sorry i missed ya again sweety. hope you're having fun. ttyl :)
boo!
hi!
hows your day been?
I not talked to you in a realy long time. I been missing ya
awww im sorry sweety. i'm so happy to be talking to you again :)
well, i been doing lots. School, of course :
yeah, i got al spotty :(
n itchy, it was nooooo fun
im still spotty but i feel way better
we could have been spot twins :)  lolz
i thnk i got them from the neighbor kids i babysat last week
well they didnt have them when i babysat them, there mom called to say they got spotty on the sunday n mine came out on the monday, so i dunno
a couple kids at school have them too
so whats new with you?
are you staying warm? coz i've been soooooo cold :(
omg, it was nasty cold
those were th days i was off school so that was good coz i probly would have died on the way to the bus!
did you get a job yet?
lolz, i had to step outside to let my dog of his chain n i thought iwas gonna freeze 
i dont wanna die yet either lol
there was this lady on the yahoo news the other day who was 126 years old - thats like crazy!
i cant imagine being 21 even... but 126... wow!!
yeah, thats what i thought! lol
oh ok, sure :)
awww hey you!  where you been?
awww cool - you got a roomie?
cool. do you like them?
awww you're sooooo sweet
are you still enjoying SLC?
yeah i know. maybe you should look in other places besides salt lake?
i wish there were some jobs round here i could tell you bout :)
awwww :(
i know though :)
yeah, i know :)
are you gonna be watching the game on sunday?
cool. who you cheering for?
sure :)
i gotta run sweety k :)
bye xoxoxox
sorry i missed ya sweety. hope you are having a fun weekend. luv katie xoxo
hey sweety. are you there?
boooooooo ;)    just wanted to say hi. hope you are having fun. luv katie xoxo
havent seen you online much lately. hope you having fun. miss you. luv katie xoxox
hey rick, you there? :d
hi rick :)  not talked to u in forever. hope you are having a nice weekend. luvs katie xoxox
hi rick.  i havent seen u on in a long time. i hope your new job is going good. im doing ok in school - cant wait for the summer to get here! luvs katie xoxox
hi rick :)  im off school for easter break - yay! hope your new job is fun. i miss chatting with u. luv katie xoxo
omg!! hey you!.. not seen you here in FOREVER :-p
hi! :)
i've not seen you here in forever! 
hi! :)
u there? :-p
hi! :)
yeah im doing awesome thanks - im on summer break :D
is your new job going good?
i been missing u
ok buye!  xoxoxox
hi rick. hope u r having a good week. i miss talking to ya. luvs katie xoxox
that is so cool that you're coaching baseball - i bet your son loves it! how awesome he hit a home run :D  xoxo
hi rick :)  i hope you are enjoying the hot sun and that your weekend is fun :)  luvs katie xoxo
hey rick :)  just wanted to say hi. hope your summer is fun. i miss chatting with you. Luvs katie xoxox
hi rick. hope your day is fun. luv katie xoxo
awww hey huny! 
hows ur day?
its good thanks
i just painted my fingernails bright red lolz
i luv bright colors in summer
omg tonnes lolz
i been really enjoying my summer - i don't want it to end!
me n my friends have been hanging by the lake tonnes n just listening to music, hanging out, sleeping late lolz
what about u? how's your new job? 
omg freals?
thats not good :(
i'm sorry
are you still living in SLC?
awww fun :) i bet ur parents really miss having u live near them
awww thats so cool - thats a really long ways huh?
woah omg, that's like way far
so what u doing with ur days? anything fun?
mmmmm yeah some
mom dropped our camera in the toilet though :(
so my friends have some on their cameras. i'll try and get some to email u
i'm gonna ask for a new camera for my birtday :)
and not let mom touch it this time lolz
lolz
sorry - i went pee
yeah i know we far away kinda :(
we've been friends for a really long time now huh
:D
so did u get any more baby cows?
awww, remember if u do, u should name one after me lolz
i think baby cows are so cute
do u have room at ur house in utah to keep one?
lolz - so where would u keep it silly?
oh, so they would take care of it for u?
oh ok, it was so fun talking to u again
hoipe we can chat again soon - i really mised u!
bye sweety :)
:-*
hi rick :)  hope ur sunday is fun. luv katie xoxo
awww hey you :)
hows u today?
i'm good thanks :)
how's ur weekend?
thats fun :)  so today u can chilllax?
kewl :)
i wanna go see the new captain america movie
probly going to the movies with my friends
we wanna go see the harry potter one but it might be sold out
yeah no church lolz
did u go?
lolz - i just didnt wanna
i don't go much any more
mom says since i'm gonna be 14 soon she's gonna stop making me since i really don't wanna go anyways
nah, mom doesn't go much any more coz she took on a bunch of extra shifts at work on weekends n stuff
Gma still goes like every week and always tries to make me go
church is kinda boring anyways
mmmmm i dunno
did u see all the ones on my myspace?
coz that's all i got is on there
mmmm, not for  acouple months i guess
i dunno if u saw em thou
sure
i forgot the password which is why i havnet been on there in forever lozl
lolz - its cool - they''re prolly gonna delete the account soon :(
i already lost like 2 myspaces this year :(
well i did, i just cant remember where silly lol
bad thing is i think i wrote it on a piece of paper n put it in a book, but now i think maybe that book was a library one lol
hav u read any good books recently?
kewl - what's it called?
oh lol
what sthat about?
can anything be darker than night? lol
oh, so it's scary?
oh ok thats cool
kinda like Cluedo :)  lolz, i luve that game
lol - maybe
:\">
lol
well yah
why u wanna know?
:-p
oh i did? lol
i don't remember
/:) lolz
oh, well yah maybe :)
we have tonnes of fun together :D
yeah, don't u? i think making out is tonnes of fun
awww - don't u got a gf?
awww ur such a sweetie
i don't got a bf but i still kiss boys lolz
lolz
well, it's fun
i'm hoping there's gonna be some cute new boys in 8th grade next year
i think 8th grade is gonna be way more fun than 7th :D
i dunno coz like in 7th we'd just got to middle school n all so it was all kinda new n weird 
but i think this year is gonna be way more fun coz we're not the newbs any more :D
did you hear about the comic con in San diego?
omg - u don't know bout comic con?
you should google it
i think it'd be tonnes of fun to go there some year n dress up like as princess leah or something lolz
oh, well its for like comic nerds but i think it'd be fun
my uncle was teling me about it
hey, i gotta go shower in a minute so i can get ready and see my friends
what u gonna do for the rest of the day?
lunch?
kewl - what u gonna eat?
mmmmmm i saw a billboard for the new subway pulled pork - it looks awesomely yum :)
awww u would? that'd be so cool
would u take me to subway?
n for icecream afer?
kewl
i like coconut icecream :)
they have it at this one store here in town, it's my fave :)
awww really? you're so sweet, thanks!
lol - why u gotta restist?
lol oh
oh hey sweety, i gotta run k
my friends are coming here at 1.30 n i'm still in my pjs lol
lol thanks sweety
enjoy your day k :) hope to talk to u soon xoxoxox
thanks! 
:-*
heya rick :)
hi :) hope ur day is fun :)  luv katie xoxox
hi :)
hi rick :)  happy monday. luv katie xoxox
hi rick :D
hi rick - have a fun weekend. luv katie xoxo
hiya rick - u there? i'm bored :(
hi rick :)
hi rick :)
hiya rick :)  sorry i havnet chatted with u in like 4eva. im in 8th grade now and i been slammed with school work :(  luv katie xoxox
hi rick :) hope ur weekend is fun. luvs katie xoxo
hi rick, i never see u online any more :( hope u r having fun. luv katie xoxo
