sup?
asl?
15 f oh 
yeah if they're cute.
you got a pic?
cute 
:)
you mean for real?
yeah it could be fun.
stare at you lol....i don't know what would you want me to do?
yeah
yeah
no i had a bf before
hey i need to go to sleep cause i'm really tired but will you add me and i can talk to you tomorrow? 
did you just try to add me?
under some wally name?
you said you were 17 before?
i remember you said you were 17
yeah sometimes i sleep naked.
anyhow i need to go to sleep, but i'll talk to you tomorrow
'night
hey
just woke up and already bored
i don't think they can come over whenever my mom's not in town 
you're not for real, are you? 
yeah but i don't have the car
my house is empty til sunday
yeah if you want
well that's what you said you wanted to do
yeah
i think it is
yeah....hey this is gonna sound stupid but what's your name even? i didn't even like ask you lol. 
sadie
yeah
what part of ohio are you in?
greenville
it's cooooold
i don't want to get sick
but you could come in and surprise me in my room.
i can leave the door open and you can come in and surprise me. if i answer the door naked i'll get a cold and that would suck.
yup. :)
yup
yup :)
no but there's not much hair
fill how? 
i don't know, condoms are best to use cause i don't have the pill
no 
if my mom found me with rubbers she'd freak
my pj's....i still need to go get a shower 
pajamas
pj pants and a tank top
yeah
yeah, do you still want to come?
how long would it take you if you left right now?
cool that's perfect cause i'm just about to go shower and get ready, can you leave right now?
take a shower dry my hair put on a little makeup 
probably straigten the house a little
okay 
well yeah duh, i got to go get in the shower - do you want my addy and go ahead and come over?
my mom's coming back on sunday at some time
that's okay
i mean it would be cooler if you could stay for longer but it can be today or not at all because my mom's coming back so....
that's late
i got to be up early tomorrow....maybe it's just not such a hot idea i don't know
uh no, mom's not gonna be out of town
i don't drive without someone with me while my mom's in town....i only got a permit 
and she always wants to know where i'm going 
7 am....i've got to clean up the house and get everything ready for my mom so she doesn't thorw a fit when she gets home
okay fine midnight.....what kind of car will you be in?
okay well park at the end and walk up so my neighbours don't see, sometimes they stay up late on weekends, and come around the side on the left driveway to the side door, that's the one i'm leaving open k? 
is that cool?
yup it'll be unlocked....i just don't want to leave the front door wide open just in case so come to the left side
oh wait i didn't you my addy
give you
upstairs
it will be the only door open
why did you do photo share?
ohh....look diffrent from last night 
but still cute
you sent like a bunch of these little pics and one of them had a face
oh well they were small so i couldn't really tell but you're cute so it don't matter
you seem cool....i mean you're not a ax murderer or any thing are you?
lol
yup
but are you gonna be here right at midnite cause if i'm naked too long it's gonna get cold
i think it should be okay tonight...mom said her flight should not have any probs coming in
my house has a pow mia flag out in front
when you turn onto my street its right on the corner on the right
yeah past the weelbarrow
and go up and in on the left cause i'm not leavin the front door open
okay i will be
haha no
do you have a cell i can call to make sure you're coming?
if not that's ok
okay....do you want me to call your house or whatever so you can hear me? just so you know i'm not some fat old cop lol 
ok
kinda
i don't know yet i might leave it on or i might just light some candles
yeah
yup
never have before
i don't know never done it
yeah....does it hurt though?
having fun tonight ;)
kinda a little, will be more later on
but hey i need to go get a shower cause i feel yucky 
okay :*
hehe ok
