heya!
not much its boring
yah im here
whats your asl?
thats why i asked lol
im 15/f and im in greenville!
lol i dunno are you cool?
i dunno as long as your cool
yah me too
i hate small town living lol
outskirts of it really
huh?
im like thirty miles northwest of dayton
yah its real close
im just sitting bored
friday night in the boonies lol
yah it sucks
lol yah i never drink nothing
i was being joking
lol my dad is in chitown and my mom is dead
lol i dunno and i dont care?
if i cared i wouldnt be on here and i wouldnt have the few pics i got left
just to meet cool ppl but all i get are kinda lamers
i got two more left but thats it
dad found the rest lol
let me find the link
*Link removed*
lol feel free thats why i linked u
thank u very much
lol its the middle of nowhere kinda
theres no trouble to get ito here
lol why cant i?
yah like id tell him
yah monday
lol why couldnt i? i know how to drink liquid
lol i like propel 
yah its tasty
lol yah thatd be a bit of a walk dude
i got fredom here though
yah thatd be better than othing
thats cool i dont got one i cant drive yet
yah i wish i could
better than sitting here alone lol
um where would i go? theres nothing here to go to
yah if u saw this place ud know
id rather be having fun than sitting around online lol
ask if youd like to party?
get out where? theres nobody here
lol maybe but i dont think there are parties in this town
lol im not wlaking out of town
hmm
how do i know ur not a serial killer? lol 
ooo look i stumped u on that one
lol okay one second lemme go find the phone
lol ill call i gotta find the phone brb
heya yah
lol so whatta u want to do? 
what all we doin i gotta know what to prepare for
lol i havent gotten drunk before 
not really i mean my dads gone until monday
lol id like to itd be fun
can u mapquest? what do i need to bring?
you go to mapquest.com once i give u the addy
oh okay what do i need to bring?
lol u want me to walk out naked? 
est.com?
huh?
i dunno i want to have fun lol
i just wanna know what to expect u no?
like upfront
lol yah but that could mean a lotta differnet stuff u no?
huh?
yah but i gotta know what to expec tu no?
lol oh i dont need a condom or nothin? 
i dunno your cool and your not treatinme like a baby
lol yah i just wanna kno what to expect thats all
lol yah u had me confused
i just wanna know what to expect so just be honest k?
lol dude i gotta know whats up tho
please dont sketch me out k?
like i wanna have fun but yknow i wanna knowwhats up
lol cool but party how like i wanna fresh up if were doin stuff y know?
lol iiiiiiii think u want something but are shy 
lol oh im ugly?
lol i got a pic on prof
and two in my album
look dude your like the only guy that message that wasnt all sketch but u gotta be honest
cuz i gota know what to expect u no?
well i dont wanna get preggers u no?
lol its not about that its just id like to no what to expect u no? like im cool but i dont know if your cool or like what
yah id like to meet but i gotta no whats up like if i get all drunk and a little turned on are u like gonna be weird like your being now?
lol thats what i mean 
thats weird dude
lol its good that your being weird?
if u stop being weird 
like weird doesnt work for me be blunt lol
u gotta stop being weird before i give u my addy tho
lol u crazy u cant call here my dad will catch the number if he checks when he returns
and u gotta stop being weird u wanna talk about it on the phone now?
he bought a good one it dont let me erase
lol no im tryin to get u to be honest
like what do u want to do? im down for whatever
but i gotta know what whatever is and that u aint all weird
lol what does that mean??
i might if u tell me what to expect cauz if gotta get ready if were going to do stuff
i think i might yah 
i will if u want to be intemate 
oh so should i clean good and are u gonna bring condoms?
yeah but i dont want babies yknow?
oh wow really thats cool!
so like u can do whatever and no babies?
oh wow so we dont even gotta worry about that
u hould have just told me that lol
i was all worried about preggers! 
awesome wow thats neat that saves us money lol
lemme give u my addy and u can mapquest k?
yah you can come but u need my address
*Address removed* mapquest it on mapquest.com
when u gonna be here what kinda car u got so i know what to look for?
u can park anywhere but come in thru the back k? front door is too public
awesome how far of a drive did mapquest say and what kinda car u got? 
hello?
oh cool what did mapquest say and what kinda car should i look for?
what kinda car should i look for and what time will u get here?
u said u got drinks?
um whats your fav?
um id like mikes if u got it
awesome yah
Awesome cool see u soon
dont do that ill call u k?
the phone just goes to voice and dad checks the caller id
ill call u when u get close k?
