Like over my head?
I need to go shower and go somewhere before dance but I can text u now quick so u have my num
Hey Its Mads 
Hey:) that's good right? 
So what's new lol 
No had to hurry up lol 
Hold on a min 
Sorry my mom keeps bossing me around lol 
Yeah it's annoying. Do u get along with your mom 
Still lol 
Is it just u and her? 
Same here :) 
I am getting ready to run out to get my shoes for class. I prob won't be back until after class 
My mom is on my back right now could I call u when I get back 
It would be like around 8 or so 
I think if she is in her room I could sneak a quick call 
Maybe 
It does ? 
So is daytime always better? 
Do u see wild animals lol 
I need to make sure my mom isn't home at all and I want to just take a few days to talk more so I feel safer is that ok? 
I also want to hear your voice so I know u aren't like a grandpa or something lol 
R u mad? 
I meant like some creepy 60 yr old pretending to be a young hot guy lol 
Then he will use something to sedate me and throw me in the trunk 
I wish I could 
What??? 
How big is your truck? 
Lol how fast can u run 
Incase u r crazy and I need to run lol 
So there is no way to call u tonight?? 
If my mom isn't home I can walk where ever I want lol 
Ok what time u working tomorrow? 
Oh Jeez 
U want me to try to call tomorrow than 
Ok. Lol. Can I text u later when my mom isn't around 
We can soon 
U want me to send u a pic 
I have to from computer cause can't do from phone right now 
?? 
Well normally I can lol 
I have a smart phone 
Phone works fine 
My mom got pissed about something I did 
And took away the cam somehow. I am supposed to get it back by this weekend 
I think I know how to make it work but worried she will find out and take the whole phone away 
Idk lol. Ok I am in car and I don't wanna text u with her here. So u can't even get texts later how about YIM 
It's fine:) umm how about I text u in the morning then 
Ok:) it won't be 6 am lol a little later 
Miss u too and I will try to figure out my moms schedule this week 
:D ((H)) 
I will 
Yes It does lol 
That sounds cool 
I like it:) 
<3 
Hey lol 
Hi 
I know I was on there too and sent u a message but it's too annoying to type in there lol 
So I switched 
R u mad at me 
Just woke up lol 
Texting thru Meetme is annoying lol 
It takes longer idk Im so weird haha 
So I can't call u around 6? 
Yeah 
Oh ok 
Well I can just keep trying lol to find a time to call during the day 
I have to kinda wait and see cause if I ask her too many ?s about where she is going she knows I'm up to no good lol 
U sure u aren't mad at me? 
Yes I will 
I feel kinda bad In really sorry 
I do want to see u and I am trying 
So u still like me 
I won't thou 
My mom would go crazy on me 
I won't even tell my BF 
Best friend lol 
I don't have my cam right now all I have are some pics on the computer 
I can call u so u can hear my voice but it can't be when mom is here 
I won't tell anyone 
Idk what to say u seem super cool and I don't wanna ruin anything for anyone 
I really like u for real but I can't send a pic like that even if I had my cam 
Keep me safe lol 
There was a girl I know who did that with pics and they ended up on twitter and Twitter wouldn't even take them down 
Sending a pic like that feels way too scary for me like u I wanna feel safe 
Idk lol 
I have no way to take new pics right now 
I can send u a couple from the computer and hopefully I will have my cam back this weekend 
I will for sure in a little while 
Let me see what I can do 
I don't have a cam besides my phone anyway 
Maybe u r just trying to get dirty pics and u really don't like me 
Guys do that all the time 
Kk 
I will send u some reg ones in a little 
U did? Really 
Really 
So like what would that mean 
:) 
I believe u I did too 
I'll brb I need to get up and walk the dog bfore my mom comes in here 
Sorry my mom is up and rushing me i have to start school at 8 and have to get online I am gonna try to send some pics quick and text u when I get a break 
I don't think I can send pics from gmail to your phone gonna keep trying do u have an email address 
Send me a quick mess at dancingmaddie757@gmail.com 
Ok lol what should I call u lol 
Ok gimme a min 
just sent u a few pics 
Lol thanks 
I have more but some have other people in them lol 
Ok so should I send a couple more 
Kk will do in between school lol 
Got break yesterday since still part of Easter break 
I have some more pics on my computer I can send 
It's not the same schedule every day I do some on my own and some have like a class u sign into 
It's some program my mom pays for 
I hate when I have to sign in 
But they can't see if u r paying attention lol 
It's still better than reg school 
Maybe lol 
It sounds kinda nice 
Just don't do it hard 
I did a lot 
I'm worried it might hurt 
I did try to lol 
U sure lol 
I do wanna have an O lol 
OMG this talk is very distracting lol 
What's that mean 
Maybe a skirt? 
Ok hopefully it will be warm enough lol 
U sure nobody will see us in park lol 
Ok. I don't think she would think it was weird but I want to go on a day when she isn't here 
She works at home and in an office and sometimes I don't know when she is where 
If I am up to something I can't ask too much or she will get suspicious and keep better track of me lol 
That sounds kinda fun 
She lets me walk most places if I take my phone and it isn't dark 
But if I wanna be sneaky I do it when she goes to her office lol 
I get paranoid 
What is I sent more pics 
It's further than park but I can do it. Would be really easy if I biked but I don't ride bikes lol 
I am more paranoid about my mom than u 
I hate getting in trouble 
Yes I know I can meet u I just want her to be gone when I do 
I get worried that she will take away my dance or make me go live with my dad or something 
Got break yesterday since still part of Easter break 
I have some more pics on my computer I can send 
It's not the same schedule every day I do some on my own and some have like a class u sign into 
It's some program my mom pays for 
I hate when I have to sign in 
But they can't see if u r paying attention lol 
It's still better than reg school 
Maybe lol 
It sounds kinda nice 
Just don't do it hard 
I did a lot 
I'm worried it might hurt 
I did try to lol 
U sure lol 
I do wanna have an O lol 
OMG this talk is very distracting lol 
What's that mean 
Maybe a skirt? 
Ok hopefully it will be warm enough lol 
U sure nobody will see us in park lol 
Ok. I don't think she would think it was weird but I want to go on a day when she isn't here 
She works at home and in an office and sometimes I don't know when she is where 
If I am up to something I can't ask too much or she will get suspicious and keep better track of me lol 
That sounds kinda fun 
She lets me walk most places if I take my phone and it isn't dark 
But if I wanna be sneaky I do it when she goes to her office lol 
I get paranoid 
What is I sent more pics 
It's further than park but I can do it. Would be really easy if I biked but I don't ride bikes lol 
I am more paranoid about my mom than u 
I hate getting in trouble 
Yes I know I can meet u I just want her to be gone when I do 
I get worried that she will take away my dance or make me go live with my dad or something 
I think I could do that 
I'm really nervous lol 
Ok but please know I am really scared 
Not so much of u just cause it's new 
And I don't know what to expect 
Yes 
It's like a scared and excited feeling mixed together 
Prob right what else would u want to do 
Yeah just never did that before 
Yes as long as u don't think I look stupid lol 
Ok cause when I say I don't know what to do I really mean it lol 
Haha 
Ok I need to do some work for little I am having trouble paying attention lol 
Ok well that makes me feel better have u had to teach anyone else bfore 
Lol ok 
Ok good I like to be special 
Ok just please don't hurt me ok I am trusting that u won't do something bad to me 
Ok please don't. I want to know so bad about al this and u make it sound so exciting too. I just don't wanna end up hurt in some way lol 
Ok 
U just have to go slow and be careful with me I don't want anything to hurt 
Ok and u if I see u r u gonna see me again 
I agree for sure I just don't wanna feel used ya know 
I want someone to pay attention to me and love me 
Promise? 
:) 
Ok I would like that 
I feel like sometimes people don't like me 
My dad isn't that nice and doesn't seem to care 
Ok I would like that a lot 
Set u up how like tell my mom? 
I won't 
I want to call u but I need to not get caught. I can call at 6 but u can't talk then 
I can keep trying to find a time during the day but if I get caught she will take my phone and then I won't be able to talk to u at all 
Ok I will just keep trying to find a time 
I know me too but she is here and I am doing school work I have to be just as careful as u. It's diff but I don't wanna lose The little freedom I get lol 
Will u please wait for me 
I promise I will find a way 
Don't find another girl please 
I can most times but I am so nervous because I am actually doing something that could get me in big trouble 
Yes 
I am doing school work and she is here. Please wait for me. I know there will be a day within the next week that she will go into work or have a meeting or something. 
I need to finish some stuff here I will text when I get a break again 
I am gonna try to look at her calendar today if I can do u work all week and what about sat or sun 
Ok now u r making me feel bad 
Later 
Ok 
It is kinda stressful cause I really want to come I just need to work it out. It's a big deal for me and I don't wanna get in trouble. I don't think it will take that long if u can wait a little. And I swear I am gonna call as soon as I can 
I will bb later on 
Yes just me 
I keep a yahoo one too 
I will delete anything you want to send me 
I did Y 
R u working tomorrow? 
I am looking at my moms schedule and she has something written on there that makes it look like she has to go in her office tomorrow. I am trying to fig it out without it seeming weird at all 
I am working on it lol 
I am trying to fig out now doing my best 
Please I just need to be careful. If u can just wait a day or two I KNOW I can get there. She is here I am doing schoolwork and have dance again to tonight. I don't want to show up and have to leave after 10 min lol please 
I think the park is prob better I don't want to be near my house omg 
Just please know I want to come so bad and I will find a way. Just like u I have a nosy mom and I know how to get her off of back and what makes her worse 
I will look at pics. Lol what are they 
Ok maybe in person u have a cam? 
I might be willing to let u take a pic of me like that but I am no way sending that on a text 
U never even sent me a pic of yourself 
U would? How would u keep them away from your mother? 
Duh yeah! 
U sure u will delete them 
Ok. Will u send me a pic of you 
Ok 
Nice really cute I like them a lot 
Yes I am totally serious I love the pics 
Maybe u wanna send it? I have never seen a real one bfore lol 
Lol I have always wanted to see one haha 
Do u wanna send it lol 
Pics only never in person or anyone's I know that I like 
I never have seen one of someone I liked make sense 
No lol like I have seen my little cousins run around naked and one time I googled it lol 
OMG lol that sounds dangerous hahah 
Hold on 
OMG that is gigantic!!!! 
Yeah I do but kinda nervous since it's so big lol 
That is so big OMG 
Ok that would really hurt 
No it's all good I swear 
I am excited and nervous lol 
It's a really nice penis 
Wow ok:) 
Yea never seen that either but heard about it lol 
What does that mean lol 
I think I might 
yes 
I got it lol 
Ok lemme check 
I got it. That may be weird to do in the woods lol 
U think lol I would be willing to try it as long as u r careful with me. 
They are small but ok think lol 
Good:) I will I promise !!! <3 
I will delete texts and pics promise and will try to see if I can come tomorrow ok 
Idk I am checking ok what's best 
I will do my best kk and let u know 
Ok will try 4 bfore 
Kk 
Hey u still around 
I am getting ready to leave for dance but my mom will be out tomorrow after noon 
Noooo my Dad lives in PA lol 
My mom has to go to her office around 12:30 for the afternoon so I can come to the park if u can and still wanna 
I am freaking out lol 
U really would? I can for real. Once she leaves I can just walk over to the park 
Yes I am I swear I have been trying to fig this out for 2 days 
As long as I am back around the time she gets home it will be totally fine 
I swear I will go 
I will I promise 
Like around 5:30 
I will just please promise me that u r really nice 
U seem nice I want to trust that you are 
What should I wear 
Ok what color 
I think so lol 
Ok:) 
Ok I will I am excited and nervous and so many things lol 
So what time u thinking u can come 
People wear skirts all the time lol maybe I can wear leggings under 
Ok I gotta go to dance but I promise and swear I will be there 
Ok where will u be in the park and can u wear a certain color shirt so I don't get confused 
Ok no bra lol 
Lol ok. Ok shave like u said? 
U want me to text u as I am leaving to walk there? Yes I think I can so a stripe lol 
Do a stripe lol 
Nobody R u crazy lol 
How will I find u 
Ok I don't wanna text near my mom cause I might look funny I promise will all my heart I will be there. I will wear a black tee shirt so u can see me and know it's me kk 
So u want me to text u from the park or before I leave 
I will text u tomorrow I am so excited to meet u please please be nice to me I am so new at this :) 
Yes I think there is like a little house there too ok gotta go yeah excited! 
Hey it's me lol 
Lol yeah 
Still in bed knew u got up early 
Lol 
Me too lol 
Up a lot last night haha via Mo+ (http://mopl.us) 
? 
Did u send me a pic on Meetme 
It wouldn't open 
It says u did 
It said it was a pic and then had to click on it idk lol 
She is going to her office 
Yep lol 
I'm gonna do all my stuff this morning 
I don't have that sign on stuff later at all 
She always texts on her way home anyway 
That might be ok 
My house 
But can we meet at park and walk back so I feel less scared 
I felt a little better bout meeting outside first 
We can't just act normal lol 
U said I couldn't call u last night though 
Idk 
I know 
If my mom sees or hears anything I am done 
I am gonna get caught 
I really want to meet u I even picked out clothes lol last nite 
I can walk 
Ok I keep thinkin bout it all lol 
10 min I think lol 
Everything u said 
Yes 
U promise u aren't gonna laugh at me 
Pink lol 
Silky is that ok 
I shaved as best as I could lol 
Not sure it's right 
How u said with just some hair in a strip 
Like up top 
I did my best 
Hope it's right 
I have a skirt I can wear with leggings too 
I did see it on her big calander first 
Then yesterday she told me 
She always tells me like a day ahead 
Yeah 
I couldn't sleep all nite 
Lol 
Nope lol 
U swear u r nice 
Nooooo way 
Too excited 
I slept some lol 
I hope so 
I think so just wanna make sure she doesn't later see I was making a call 
It won't matter today but if she sees it later on and wonders 
I never talk lol 
Only text so they all blend together 
When can u meet me 
Yeah but it's not during the day 
And I would have said my friend at dance called her mom 
I study my mom lol 
Yeah 
And that pic u sent lol 
Yeah 
Yeah is that bad 
Maybe but nervous lol 
I have never been near one 
? 
Oh nvm 
I didn't think I would wanna see one like that but I liked it 
When I googled it bfore they didn't look as nice lol 
Some looked weird lol 
I did lol 
Can u still meet me in the park 
Lol 
Do u wanna stay there 
Ok is it warm or cold out 
Ok do I need to bring anything 
Ok 
Yeah ok I will wear my hoodie 
No ok 
No right 
So will u text me when u can go or what 
Black 
Ok I will gonna start my school stuff soon so my mom doesn't find anything to yell about 
I will text u when she leaves 
OMG I'm super excited 
I promise I will show up 
y I would get in sooo much trouble 
r u trying to bail on me :((( 
Good :))) 
me either OMG I would be in soo much trouble 
my mom would ground me for life for even talkin 
My mom wouldn't care... 
I have feelings for u 2 :))) 
I am trusting u not to kill me :) 
I understand jus don know what I can do... 
Sounds good to me :))) 
Can't hardly wait :)))))) 
I won't I swear 
Omg I can't even concentrate on school now... 
When u tell me... 
After mom leaves of course :) 
ok 
I will text u when she leaves she is getting on my case 
Kk :) 
She doesn't know who just that I keep getting on my phone 
I do... always 
She is getting ready to leave 
She just pulled out 
well not yet... she just left 
changing.. when should I go 
ok... will u be there soon I don't wanna sit by myself forever.. 
oh ok I'll hurry 
I got my jean skirt and black leggings 
I guess it's medium... lol 
it's faster for me to walk thru the back 
What r u wearing so I know... 
yes 
I am leaving now 
still go to the picnic table by the cabin? 
where then 
ok which one 
Ok 
On my way :) 
Kk :) 
K about halfway there 
