hello,  do you or would you ever date a married man?
what would help you to know
im 39/m/atlanta ga   where do you live
wow, young one huh.  do you like older men?
well, im an emt.  cant get much nicer than that
do you have any pics or a cam.  i have a cam you can see
emergency medical technician.  work on an ambulance
can i see them
to bad you dont have a cam.  would love to see you live
yes they are
you are a sexy little angel,  arent you
yes i do
do you want to see me?
tell me what you think of me
this is me sexy
how are you
yes i am
thank you
do you like what you see here.  would you date me
im asking you if you like this
who would i tell,  i dont know any body doen there
thanks,  and yes. i would take you out on a date baby.  but i would have to see you on a cam first.  just to make sure your not a cop looking to arrest me
well, cops get on here and pretend to be young girls
then they set up meetings and arrest them
well, we can work something out baby
nope,  we can work out something hun
yea, why wouldnt i ?
well your pic wanst
nope, im here.  it just closed
im tom   and you
nice to meet you
24 hrs
yes  sometimes we get to sleep
so, tell me a little about your self
call gotta go brb ok
hey sexy, you there
yes, im back little sexy
tell me a little about your self sexy
thats cool,  ahything else love
yea, the wii fun
yes, i have one
you dont have one
thats cool
i like the sports games
i love the bowling
cool
i like to go fishing, hiking, biking, camping, and boating.
i like to go to beach and make out with a girl   lol
can that be yoy this time
you on the beach with me making out
hell yea
i would kiss you babe
would you wanna kiss me?
cool
yep, thats me
would you wanna kiss me babe?
really
good to hear
tell me.  are you a virgin
cool, i like that
i dont htink your stupid
you ever kiss a boy or play with him 
cool, so that want be a problem then
you ever touched a boy or played around with them
or let them touch you?
i wont
let them touch you, or you touch them sexually
ok, thats cool.  would you want to you think.  its called petting
i know what you mean
do you thinkk you might want to if we get to know each other
yea, i think i would like that
would you like me to take you on a date babe
really,  you dont mind my age
i dont think your stupid
i was just making sure you didnt mind being with a older man
well, take you to dinner, out to a movie
then, i dont know.  i would like to go some where we could be alone some.  so we could kiss and not get caught
would you like that
do you have any thing in mind for a date
yes, honest
would what baby
really, you want to kiss me
hell yea its ok
i would want you to let me rub on your titties some   lol   pleaseeeeeee
wow what
:-*
well, no better time than then is there
well, do you think you would ever want to rub a man down there.  or better yet, maybe you would like me to show it to you on my cam
my cock later on   lol
nope, dont be
would you like that?
what did you say
and i have to go for a few min brbr lover
bye sexy
hope we do talk again soon
you there sweety
you will talk to me as soon as you get on here
really want to talk to you tonight if possible
hey, how are you today
didnt think i was ever going to hear from you again
im really good thank you
its ok
i understand.  you dont want me getting caught any ways
i mean you know what would happen if they caught us dont you
yea, but you know we were doing more than just talking the other day
no
you too baby
i have missed you
hey, can i see your pics again baby doll
i dont have one,  i thought they were on here
can you put them on your computer so i can see them sexy
yea baby
hey,  tell me something.  do you still want to meet me one day 
would you like to have me as your b/f
yes, im serious
but you do remember that im married ,  correct
well, we get to know each other on here first good, then we meet for lucnh and movie
hell yea, i love it
any more
heres me again sexy
yes i am
did i show you anything special last time we talked on cam
do you have any sexy pics my love
ok, i couldnt remember
any thing
ok
did you remember what i looked like.  you still happy with this face
yea, that works sweetie.  i love it
thank you
any more that you dont mind me seeing
can i ask you something.  if we do decide to meet somewhere.  how would you get there
yea, i like that one too 
i bet
where do you live again
thats right
couldnt remember
you know anybody who has a car
dont say its boring
cool, can you get somebody to meet me some where
no,  i mean get somebody to bring you to me
to meet me some where
i dont want nobody else,  just you
i dont know, im not real familuar with albany
but we can figure that out baby
so, what do you want to do the first day we meet sexy love
ok thats cool
but what do you want to do that day
well, i can take you to lunch/dinner.  which ever one it is.  go to a movie
myabe get a hotel to go back to
you dont mind the hotel
what would you want to do at the hotel then my love
well, think about it
thats ok baby. can i make some suggestions
well, how about we get on the bed
we start kissing
with tounge
then i will work my way to your neck
and down to your chest and clevage
is that ok
yes
you sure you wont mind
maybe while im kising you, i might put my hand up your shirt and rub you sweet little titties
we will be hun
yes
and if you didnt stop me pull up your shirt and remove your bra and start kissing and lickin/sucking on those tiny pink nipples
and take your hand and put  it between my legs on my stiff hard cock
yes,  as long as you werent scared
and let you rub it.  up and down
yep
then you could rubb up and down on my cock, thruogh my pants
and if you didnt do it (unzip my pants) after a few minutes i would and pull it out so you could get a good look at itand rub it up and down on pure skin
the whole time we are still kissing , because you will be my new love
and then i will get you to stand up and unbutton your pants and pull them down and off
hoping to see you in a thong
yes i do
do you wear them
yes, we will buy you some 
bikini are cool too
i will then set you down on the edge of the bed and lay you back
pick up your legs and slowly remove your panties
spread your legs apart and kiss/lick your feet and suck on your toes
up to the inside of your thighs
then i will move my tounge over to that sweet tasty little virgin pink pussy and lick/suck on that clit
pulling it into my mouth and suck it hard
until you start squirming and screaming my name
yes they do  why
yes, you will like it
do you not talk about sex with your g/f
after i finish eating your pussy and you cum in my face
i will pick you up, sit on the ground and put you on your knees in front of me
then i will have you open your mouth, and put it around my cock
closing it and using a sucking sensation  have you move in an up and down motion
yes, its ok. i will teach you
do you want to suck my cock
yes, i love it done to me
but do you want to do it
yes i will
then you will suck me going up and down taking it deep in your mouth until you feel it in your throat, ( thats called deep throating) until i cum in your mouth. then you swallow it with a smile on your face
no, i dont think your bad
you like that so far
then if you wanted to go all the way i would put you on your stomache and pull your hips up in the air
get behind you and put my knees between your legs and pull them apart
then i will slowly and gentle slide my cock into your tight little ass hole
until its were you cant take noe more
will you do that?
a little,  but we can get stuff to help it, and we will go easy for you my love
but i want you to experience it
i think you will like it
i will fuck you that way until you tell me that you cant take it any more, than i will take it out, and slide it into that sweet tasty little pink pussy,  all the way to my balls
all 7 1/2 inchs will be in you
nope
i will fuck you doggie until you scream my name in pleasure, and tell me you cant take no more.  then i will hold you there and make you take it some more
do you want to loose your vaginity to me baby
yes i do baby
the question is, do you want to loose your virginity to a man my age
really, why do you like me so much baby
i will 
but you just have to know that i still have a wife too
what do you mean how i talk to you.  how do other people talk to you
no, shes not mean to me
a coworker
are you sure you want me to take your virginity baby
i just want to make sure
yes i do
also you know it will hurt just a little bit when i pop your cherry
its called your himen,  its a little piece of skin inside your pussy
the girls say it hurts a little bit
hey, do you have any more pics of you baby
no baby it isnt
do you have any of you in a bikini or your undies
ohhh, thats sweet
would you make me some
you look real young there
would you take some of you in your undies my love?
wow, your 15 now correct
yea, thats right
whats your name
thats right
my brian
why would i be mad
whats my name
can i ask you why
sweetie, no one can get that pic but me
thats right
tommy
ok, i would like to see you in undies,but its ok
would you do it later on for me after we get to know each other a little better
thats cool, you can make them for me later on baby ok
ok
ok
ok baby,will you be back
i would like to know if you would like to see something
would you like to see my cock on this cam later tonight my love
to you
i would love to show you, but you havae to want it
what time will you be back
i can try that time for you sexy
my little love
i hope you like it
you will have to tell me what to do with it   ok
say what
you are 
you cant be looking at other boye either when we are together   ok
good
ok   love ya sexy baby doll
is that pussy tiggleing
or wet
that kiss was for you
thank you
bye
you need to hurry sexy
well, i guess your not coming back on here todaysexy. wassure hoping to show you something special ;)
damnit,  where are you
hey, im here baby
omg hi back to you   lol
its ok sexy
so, did you miss me
good,   hey.  i know you said you didnt want to do any pics in your undies, and i said that was fine
and yes,  i missed you sexy
will you take some of you in a bikini baby doll
really, what do you wear baby
a one peice
really, i figured you would have a two piece
well, will you take a pic of you in that one peice.   pleaseeeee
shit,  when i get with you i will buy you a two piece bakini, if you want it
yes i will,  are you going to do a pic in your one peice for me
yes, we can go swimming
thats ok, i can wait for a little bit
yes, but i would like to see a little more skin,   lol  of my sexy little angel
i guess so, but its just a one piece
im thinking that you dont want me to see you in any thing like that
do you have any other pics i can see that you didnt show me my love
ok, check for me my little angel love
are you going to be my love
megan, you are so damn sexy.  i cant wait to hook up with you
what else you got MY LOVE
my girl is still so sexy in it
what else you got
just my cam baby, thats all i have
is that ok
that i only have my cam
tell me something my sexy love
how big are your titties
give me a size
nothing wrong with those my love
those are a good size.  perfect size for mouth
can i ask you something, and i need you to be honest with me
what would your parents do if they caught us talking, or trying to set up a meeting
why arent they there
im sorry to hear that
but would he be pissed off that you are with a guy so old
tell me sexy, i mean im going to be your baby doll arent i
oh  ok  i knew that, but what if he caught you
well,  are you ready to see the cock on cam baby
i think hed be mad that you were with a man my age
i bet you have
are you going to tell me what you want to do with it, or tell me what to do with it?
what you would do with it if you were stading there in front of me
just go with what you think you would like to do
yes
here you go
do yo ulike
do yo ulike it
do you want it still
what do you want to do with it
yes it doies
i want you to put it in your mouth and suck on it 
and let me lick your pussy while you do it
yea
are you finished looking at it my love. or do you want more
no, i want to know what you want
would you ever do any thing like that for me on a cam
i was just asking.  yes we will do that together my love.  
yes i was
but if you did have a cam, would you have showed me anything like that
yes
well, i hope that you liked what you saw
and i hope that you are even readieer now to enjoy that in your hand, mouth, ass, and pussy
do you think you still want that in all your places
do you still want it in you
ok baby
good my lover
good, im glad.  go to bed an dream about us
morning yes
but night is hard with wife
:-*>:D<
i will be here thurs and fri
and lets make a date to meet and how.  ok
hey, would you like to talk to me on the phone one day?
yes, give me your number and tell me when i can call and i will
when you have to get off just say so
oh,  i see, well you can only call me when i say you can. ok
dont need wife finding out
ok baby
will let you call me thurs or fri
dream about us doing it
and how cool it will be
ok, thats great
love ya sexy,  sweet dreams
bye
i miss you sexy litte angel
hey, i will be at work tonight and all day tomorrow if you want to talk
hey little lady
you miss me
im good,  and you
yep
did you enjoy your show the other night
do you really
im glad
so, you think you will be able to handle what i shoed you ?
no.  why do you think i would laugh
you will baby
you didnt answer my question.  do you think you will be able to handle it. its big
you still going to let me put it in your ass and take it in your mouth
yep
didnt know what you would say after seeing it,  didnt know if you thought it would be to big for you
lol,  i hope that you enjoy it
hey, did you decide if you would do a bathing suit pic for me.  
ok baby. i hope you will
hey,  do you have any friends that you could borrow a web cam from
i know
i wish,  how would i get it to you
well, i would like to see you there too before we meet my love
a little later,  ok
it will be before then
any friends that have a cam?
can you get on it one day just so i can see you for a min
oh, ok
, not a bad day yet
ok
wb sexy
what are you wearing
sweet
was hoping you were wearing nothing but panties and tee shirt
hey, did you play with your pussy the other night i was showing you my dick?
did it make you wet at all
you have to know,  was it wet
did it feel any different than it did before
thats good
yep
i want it to get wet and tingle
it has to be wet before i can put it in
never mind
i ms till here
another truck picked it up
yes
i need you to tell me something
what you want to do to me when we meet
i need you to tell me
well, you need to get into it, especially if we are going to do what we talked about my love
yes, but i want to know what you will like the most.  not what i will like my love
what do you think you will like the best
they all like different things.  some like to suck cock.  others like to be licked. some like anal sex
youve kissed before
with tounge
never rubed any where
ok.  well,  i need you to tell me what you want to do to me the moment we walk into the hotel room
cool,  what else my love
ok
what did she want
hell yes i will
really, you want to do that one the most
omg,  im so glad you do.  i love that so much
i just hope that you like to swallow too
yea,  when i cum you swallow it
then you keep sucking to get ever thing out of me
sweet, im loving you even more
yes, really
i like to eat pussy to
really like making a woman squirm with pleasure
i also hope that you are a screamer too
yes i do
whys that, you thimk you are a screamer baby
the other thing i like a lot is to fuck the ass.  i still like to fuck the pussy.  but the ass is just so tight and cool
yes, i think it would be cool
do you think you will like it in the ass
yes
well,  i hope you will.  i really like it.  we will go slow and i will be gentle until you get used to it
but my biggest goal is to stretch that tigh little pussy out and make you scream in pleasure
good, im glad you do
ok, its .  but you can not call me any other time.  unless i tell you that you can
ok, if you do i will have to put you on my ignore list
give me one min
give me one min then call.  
did i ignore you my sexy little angel
ok
its ok,   did you like talking to me
cool, im glad.  you sound so young sweetie.  its so cool
its ok
what do i have for you?
oh, i gave you a kiss
thank you
thank you
i understand
im trying to get enough money to come down ther my love
it will be in a week or so.  is that ok
you will my love,  you will
i cant wait myself.   i want to teach you so much about what we talked about
i will discuss it with you later so we can set it up.  ok
go get in bed before you get into trouble my sexy little angel
love ya
yes i will
hey, guess what
my dicks hard since we talked
yes it is
it really wants you
bye my little love
>:D<:-*
god, just to let you know.  your sweet littel young voice turned me on so much.  i want you even more now sexy
dreamed about you last night
cant wait to talk to you tonight my love
hurry up and get on here for me sexy.  i cant wait to hear that sweet little sexy voice again
were are you megean
guess your not getting on here today before aunt gets home
i dont know what happened to you today
but i missed you
hey there my young little sexy angel.  i miss you
hey there sexy little angel
god, where have you been
wow,  i have missed talking to you
really, how much did you miss me
what have you misse about me the most sexy
really,  i bet you missed seeing this fat dick,  didnt you  lol
really
talking to you on the phone
that was cool
do you wanna talk like that agin
yes, we can
tonight
i want to hear that sweet sexy young voice.  it made my dick so hard hearing you talk to me baby
yes it did
wish i could talak to you on phone and show you it on cam at same time
heara what you have to say
would you like that
what i want to know is.   did you play with  your pussy too
cool,  did you want to afterwards
you have never played with your clit
why dont you try it,  while your thinking about me showing you my dick baby
i jaked mine for you,  it feels good baby
jacked
bet you wish you had it in your hand,  didnt you
see me,  face.  or me dick?
hows this
yes they are
do you like blue eyes
what color are your eyes sexy
thank you
its ok
what color eyes for you
good
thanks
i bet we would make some beautiful babies
yes we have
really,  you want to have one with me
no, ii want to know,  do you want to have one with me
but you want to practice having one
no, practice making one
good, i cant wait to be the one to take your virginity sexy
do you want me to cum in your pussy so you can feel it
or do you want me to wear a condom
what do you want
sweet heart, im going to fuck you with a rubber.  so you dont get pregnant
i want to do it to you without one,  feels so much better
nope
i will strok you a few times without it so you can feel it
then you will put the condom on me
have you taken my bathing suit pic yet
thats cool
i hope you find it
and what are you going to let me see you in
in the pic
you better wear something really sexy for me on our date
i want undies for pic.  but if you want the bathing suit i will take it
maybe i can get the undies pics later
do you have anything like a school girl outfit
will you let me take pics of you on our date in the rooom
you there
its ok
really
short skirts
so i can take pics of you in undies
and pics of you naked
yes
yes
do you really want me to
nope, just mine
how about vidoe taping us having sex
then wwe can sit back and watch it together
and,  do you want some naked pics of me bbay
baby
what
nope
would you like that
well,  do you want some naked pics of me
i can make them for you
its going to be a couple of weeks baby
i have to do  alot of overtime
lol
yes we can
nope
do you want to be my patient   lol
i want you to wear the shortest skirt you have
and the most revealing shirt you have,  with no bra
yes, no bra
do you wear a bra now
what are you wearing right now my love
cool,  wish i could see you in it
wish i could see you in a pair of bootie shorts and a tank top,  with no bra
hey, look at cam
did you get it
thank you
i need to see you on cam so bad.  cant you get one just for a few mins
ask dad for the money,  just dont tell him what its for
when will that be 
yes i did
will you go but one
and how are you going to buy it sexy
well, get a friends mom totake yall to the store
then just go buy it without them there
i wont be mad
i hope it works
no,  but you can sneak off you know
you hide it in your pocket. or purse
you wont get caught baby
you wont get caught
and you caan find a way to talk to me sexy
yes my lover, i will be here
:-*
bye my little lover
i guess your not coming back either
cool
hey there my little angel
i cant wait to have you baby
really
ok
waiting on you
hello
you know,  i cant wait to try and have a baby with you
yes i do
i just hope you like me that much
boy
what about you
cool
good
im going to havae a good time making love to you
teaching you new things
really, whys that baby
hey baby i gotta call be right back ok
i hope it is to you my lover
ok my lovely young angel   i love you
i cant wait to talk to my special little lover
i think i may want to have a baby with you my sweetie.  we will have to talk about it  ok
and i cant wait to feel that soft sweet sexy smooth skin you have too.  
hey there,  sorry i missed you sexy
hello
hey, im at work today
so, if you wanna talk get with me 
wow,  i am looking so forward to teaching you how to suck a dick and to tasting tat seet littl virgin pussy
yes i am
im good and you
did you get my last messages off line
well, im seriuos,  i cant wait to taste that sexy tight tasty virgin pussy.  i will be the first one to have it.  its so awesome
good
i hope that you are looking forward to sucking my dick too
hold on a min
why not
wow, ok.  sounds cool
wish you were coming up this way
so, you still ready to do the nasty with me  lol
and to kiss me
no, its just another way to say it
good.  i have been dreaming about how tight your going to be.  and how much i enjoyed teaching you
yes i did my little love
we kissed and had sex all day and afternoon
god damn it.  i have a call again baby
i will be back,  please wait for me
hold on. another truck may get it
ok, im back sexy
any ways, we kissed and had sex all day and afternoon.  it ways awesome
have you had any dreams about me?
well, do you ever day dream about us, or think about me and the wounderful sex we will have
thats cool,  have you told any of your g/f about me
really,  figured you would.  but im glad you havent.  keeps me safer
well,  i dont know if they could keep it to themselves
thats cool
and we might not be able to talk anymore
can i ask you a seriuos question my little lover
after we have sex and have been dating for a while i would like it if you would do one thing for me
i would like it if you had one g/f that you really trusted to keep her mouth shut, that you would invite with us to the hotel to play also.  would you do that for me
get naked with us and play. would youdo that 
yes, if you really dont mind
that shit wont happen
i think i may be in love with you
yes,  seriuos baby doll
do you have any g/f that you could ask
and,  would she do it
and be able to keep her mouth shut about us and my age
thats cool
would you mind doing that for me my love
i wont love her at all 
i might love her pussy and teaching her too.  but you are mine.  i do love you
do you really
thats cool,  i hope you really do
im glad
now,  since you know im married,  are you going to leave me when you get older and want a family
or, you going to stay with me fore ever
i do
but you know im married, right
so, you going to stay as my g/f lover fore ever then
yes i do. i dont want you to ever find another b/f
and i hope that you will move up here with me when you can
thats good
so, you dont mind that we can not get married then.   just be b/f g/f and have a baby together
yes,i would love for you to live up this way, so we can see each other more
we can find you a really nice condo here
really,  well you can wait a littel while
i could hire you to clean my house and baby sit
but you would have to clean the house when wifes at work.  and you would have to do it naked.  so i can play with you
can you do it naked so i ca watch you
yes, i would want.  then i could have my way with you too  lol
yes, i have two
7 and 8
when do you think you would like to have a baby
what age
well,  what would you say if you were to get pregnant now.  what would you tell your parents.  and would you tell on me
well,  do you want to wait then
i dont want your dad to get mad at you and try to make you tell him who the daddy is
when will you be 14 baby
cool,  i hope to be your b/day present and you ca unwrap me
june 02
yes it is.  you going to get me something
i want you with just a bow and one of your friends with a bow and nothing else on
hey, i may have asked you this
but is your pussy bald?
will you do that for me
you have hair on it
put a bow on you and a friend
will you shave it for me
sweet.  i love them bald as a babies bum  lol
have you found the camera yet
when you do, i have another request
will you take close up pics of your feet and toes for me
i want to see how sexy they are
because i want you to put both of them around my dick and storke it with them
nope, not at all.  we just have to lube them up
cant you get some of your friends to take these pics of you with there cameras baby doll
tell heer you want to take some pics of you two together
and what did he say
that sucks ass
well, try your friends camera.  just say you want to take pics of each other
just try baby doll.  i need to see you again
can you send me all your pics again
no, im still working all this overtime baby
whats your my space,  or can you just send them here
who are all your friends
which one of them would you want to bring with you on my b/day
yes, i have seen that one before, shes cute, but nothing like you
yes, i swear.  you are so hot compared to her.  i would do her (have sex ) but i would marry you if i wasnt already married
if i wanted to marry you right now,  what would you dad say
yes, i want that too
i know that.  buit what would he say if i did want to
do you think he would let you at this age
thats cool, just curiuos
what would he say if he knew you were talking to me and wanting to meet me.  and he knew this is what made you happy.  would he approve
you really think he would let you see me with me age being 39 baby
well, we need to knoow this.  we might not have to sneak around my love
how are you going to ask him that
now, i dont want you to tell him about me.  just see what he says if you was to meet someone
well, i think you should keep my age out of it for a little bit
god i love you
i cant wait to see you
do you think you could get them to bring you to atl and then get in touch with me
also. would you like to talk to me again tonigh on phone.  i want to hear thatsweet sexy little voice
damn it,  i want to talk to you on phone again
ok
yes it was
i loved hearing you.  made me so horny
it did, made my dick so hard.  wished you had been there to rub on it
im sure you would have done a great job stroking it   up and down 
oh baby. i will show you.  ita not hard
well, the dicks hard   lol.  but stroking it isnt
do you ever want to see it again on cam
yes i do.  but i want to know do you want to see it
baby, i want you to see everything i have
any time you want
i need you to start telling me what you like, what you want from me
yes, im here
no i dont remember sexy.  tell me again
yes, i know. but i want you to tell me what you want to do with me. 
oh, ok. so you want to suck my dick
you know wha i want you to say it.  not suck you but say it
no, i mean i want you to say i want to suck your dick
yes, thats what i want to hear from you
and you to start telling me other thing that you want me to do to you. or you want to do to me
dont be embarresed
you need to be able to talk about it now, or you may chicken out later
ok
your good
does she not check on you to see what your doing on here
thats cool
im your b/f
so, tell me. what else do you want to do with or to me baby doll
what else,  other than suck my dick baby doll
i will never laugh at you
baby, you are mine. im not giving you up   ok
tell me ok  i want to hear you 
lick your what sexy
tell me what it is
yes, thats right
baby, i dont want you to be embarresed to talk like that  ok
if you cant talk about it mow.  you may not want to do it later when we meet
well thats good
im glad that you really want to suck on my dick.  i really want you to like swallowing too.  i hope that you do
i want you to baby
but you may not like the taste of cum,  then what
yes it is
so, even if you dont like the taste your still going to do it for me
wow,  you must really love me to do that
yes i do care about you
and i really do want you to move up here one day soon
i know
ok
fuck her
i need you  lol
i know you do. you need me in that pussy and ass.  dont you
do you really mean that
im really glad you do.  i just cant get over you being 13 and wanting a 39 yr old man to be with you
i know,  thats because i love you very much
im glad
thank you
well i cant wait to taste you baby
at least another week
it will be worth the wait
i was so hoping that you werent a cop pretending when i first meet you
i will baby. because im dying too
please try to take me some new pics like i want bbay  ok
no, i wouldnt   but try baby
and really think about an undies pic for me  ok
happy easter to you
I LOVE YOU BABY
hey  really think about doing an undies pic for me  ok
:-*>:D<:x
hope that you have a good time in talahassee
happy bunny day baby
i know your not here but wanted to say hi
will look for you
guess your not coming back baby
was hoping to talk to you
yes my love. i am
its ok my baby doll
have you thought about me
i have been having dreams about you
yes
us just being in the hotel room 
what about you
it was ok, i had to work baby
its ok
have you thought about us
yes
what have you been thinking
what did you think about us
like,  tell me
hell yea, the one you will be modeling for me  and those thong panties
yea, those too
what else have you thought about. being at the hotel with me
ok
ok my lover
i miss you too
weds and sat
i love you so much
i cant wait to teach you to suck my dick and about sex
i hope you dont chicken out
im hoping real soon
have you done any more pics for me
how about pic from fla when you were there
what
what baby
so, you dont have any pics from trip
damnit. if you had it to download on comp you could have done my undies pic
so, you going to do the undies pic for me now
if you get cam
but your going to right
and when will that be
ok
why did he want her cam
he doesnt have a cam himself
cant believe that
would think hed have a cam if he travels a lot
its ok
would you like to see anything on cam baby
what do you want to see
no, you tell me
is that all
if you want to see something tell me. stop being shy
yea
but was the other day too
i can
what do you want megan  just say it
damnit girl.   you cant be like this 
i want you to talk that way. i love it
im not mad at you
but i want you to talk that way baby
i got to go
you will
wow, missed you again sexy
guess i will catch you some time today
i hope we get to talk too
hey there baby doll
im good, and you
what have you been up to\
coo,
do you have me any new pics my love
well you could have used another cam
from a friend
because i like seeing you,  thats why
its ok baby
i just want to see you 
tell me something
have you played with your pussy while you think about me yet
why not baby
trust me baby, its not the same
it just gives you a good feeling
let you kinda see what it will feel like
ok then baby
so you want to wait to have my fat dick in it 
cool, im really glad you want to feel it in your little tight pussy
makes me feel so good that you want me to take your virginity my love
that makes me feel so good to know that
still cant believe that you want such an older man as your b/f
no,  but i am 27 yrs older than you
you make me feel special
yes it is
we just have to keep our affiar a secret,  because most people wont understand us dating
and sometimes when were out you may have to pretend to be my daughter,  can you do that
whys that funny
ok
would you like to do some rool playing?
rloe
well,  when we are at the hotel
would you like to pretend that your my daughter and im your daddy and im going toteach you about sex?
and show you how to do it
i want to know what you think about it.  not what i want from you
of course. im not really your dad
cool,  so you wouldnt mind that i would be your daddy and having sex with you
or would you rather pretend that you just called 911 and im the medic whos taking care of you and i start touchin you and kissing you
taking advantage of you
really
what if you really were in my truck.  would you let me touch you and you touch me?
yes
nope, they wouldnt see us
no, i cant
i will be in my truck
if i was to start rubbing your thighs near your pussy then slid my hand to ti
what would you do?
yes, i have a truck
blue
you didnt answer my question
look up a couple of lines
yes, what would you do if i did
would you touch me back and what would you touch and do
at the moment it is
is that ok
ok, we wont cyber.  but i would like to know what you would do
just tell me what you would want to touch
say it
i want you to say it baby, i like it when you do
yes, i do
would you like to see it on cam again?
tell me what you want to see on cam.  i want you to say it for me again
are you going to
ok
really
i guess
so, are you going to tell me what you want to see on cam?
tell me what you want to see megan, i want to see you type it baby doll
yes
listen baby,  i love to see you say that
i need you to be a little better at it.  ok
i want you to be dirty with me
well, i can let you see me on here if it will help you
why my lover
god i love you baby
yes, and i will show you my dick
what do you want me to do with it
tell me what you want me to do with it on cam for you my little sexy lover
what did i do last time
yes i did.  did you like that
did it make you feel good
what did it do to you
did it make your pussy wet
or make you feel hot
your pussy felt like that
ok.cool
did it make your pussy feel anything baby
well,  i want you to do something for me
before i show you my dick.  i want you to get undressed
and i want you to put your mand on your pussy to see if it gets wet
how will she know baby
do you have a skirt
put it on then.  with no panties
and put your hand on your pussy and tell me if it gets wet when i stroke my dick for you]
yes i will
bye my lover
i love you
whats up
who are you talking to baby
can i ask you some questions
whats your last name megan
cool
where do you go to scholl?
nope, still says wickedgiggles
i may
so, whats name of school
just name for now
ok, cool
how colse is it to your home
ok, thats cool
can i have your address?
so i can come and get you
soon baby,  real soon
so, can i have your address now megan
i wont come when your aunts there
why,  you think im going to get you in trouble
i would never stop unless you told me i could
besides, i thought i may come by and watch you get off the bus, and watch you
i was going to call to you when you come by me
and if your aunts not home you could come over to me
well, you can stop and act as if your giving me directions.  then tell me where i can meet with you
or would you like for me to pick you up at school and take you with me
i see, but i bet youd like it if i could
how about you go to school on the bus. then skip out and go to the hotel with me
and we can hug and kiss
i didnt say you go in the school.  you just get off the bus and leave the school grounds
i see,  well tell your aunt your sick and stay home
then you can meet me some where
have a question for you
would you like to go for a ride in my truck, go park some where thats descreet and get in the back seat and have sex with me?
yes
nope, we do the hotel for sure
just later on doing the truck
right. i dont want anybody but me seeing my girlfriend naked
im going to get you to do one thing for me too
do you wanna know what it is
i want you to suck my dick while we drive around
you sit up front with me, then lean over into my lap and pull my dick out and suck it
you want to
nope, truck sits up to high
nobody can see us
i know that you will like sucking my dick baby
im trying to
will you let me shave the little bit of hair from your pussy too
unless you want to
would you want me to do it for you
i think it would be cool to do it for you
im going to teach you one other thing too, when you are sucking my dick baby
do you want me to tell you about it
ok, im going to grab your hair on both sides of your head. hold your head still and push my dick in and out of your mouth.  its called mouth fucking
and then take it and push it as far down your thorat i can. to see if you gag,  thats called deep throating
then i pull it back out
i think its sexy when a woman gags on my dick
nope
i also want you to stroke my dick with your sexy little feet
do you pant your toe nails?
good
pink or red
hell yea
i want you to wear lipstick too for me
good, i want to taste your lipstick when we kiss
and i want you to have your lipstick around my dipstick  lol
working again my little sexy lover
what are you wearing baby
not yet
i want you to wear a shirt skirt and tank top for me when i come to get you
and no panties,  will you do that for me.  you can bring them with you to put on later,
im sorry short
yes, 
will you do it for your sweet sexy b/f
then we can go buy you a pair of sexy thong panties of your choice
is that cool with you
you will go outside with no panties on for me?
thank you love
what would you like for me to wear for you baby
well, what do you like
i dont know
would you like me to come in unifrom for you
sure i could
megan my little love, i cant wait to make love to you
i know, i hate it too
i think about you all the time
yes, really
really, what about baby
yea.  me too
your pussy is going to be so tight,  not like anything ive ever had
do i embaress you talking like that megan
thats good
but it will be so tight
im going to love it
and your ass too. it will be so tight also
yes it is
the tighter the better
megan, can i please see your pics again.  i love seeing you
and you are going to love my fat 7 1/2 inch dick stretching that tight pussy open
send them to me on here baby doll
give it to me then
and i cant wait to do you doggie style too
you get on your hands and knees and i do you from behind
you think you will like that
because its the best way to get your dick in as deep as you can
and you are absolutly sure you want to loose your virginity to me 
ok, thats cool
im going to make you feel so special megan
like you are the only woman alive
you know that you will be a real woman after we make love
not a little girl any more
what do you feel like
i so wish i could come and take you away and move you up here with me
so i can see you and make love to you as often as i want
yes it would.  wish you lived closer and i could have you as my baby sitter.  then when i take you home we could play 
really,  how would you want me to pay you
would you want money,  or for me to pay you with sex
yes you do
you would want the sex.  
because it would be me
what would you do when you saw my wife.  how would you react
when you were babysitting for me
thats cool.  hide that we are dating
nope
baby i need to go for a little while.  you going to be here for a while
ok, i will be back
i love you megan edwards
hey there megan
whats up my little sexy
i know,  been busy baby
what have you been up to
you been dreaming about us together baby
are you there
