hi jen!  jason here, you busy?
i see you like birds  
i used to have several parakeets
one named petee, one named sicciro, and the other named butter cup, lol
ty
what part of nc you in?
that's cool, just west of charlotte here,maybe a little over an hour or hour and a half from you, who knows, lol
so, you enjoying your Christmas break?
you there jen?
oh, how old are you?
oh, that's fine with me, but I'm older in my 20's, is that cool for chatting? 
i still know a little about birds, lol
ty
you never know, some girls freak out if they're your age and I'm 27, but we're just chatting, i'm not stupid or anything
ty
we gave two of the birds away but one died
we took him traveling too much and the change in temeratures got to him after a few years
yeah, it's been a few years though, so I'm ok you know
just have a dog now, lol
golden retriever, full blooded and full blonde, lol
her name is Lacey
ty
she's a great dog, loves to run around outside and in the woods
you have any pets besides birds?
i saw your my space, but it has users blocked? wish I could see your sight sometime
ok
yeah
ok
how do you do that and how do you add me?  sorry a little new at this, lol
it's under jason, but I guess it's the e-mail?
notjustanotherncguy@yahoo.com
ok
i pulled up your page again and it still said it's private?
hmm, I'm jason smith and my e-mail starts with 
notjustanotherncguy
try that
no, that's not me, hang on, sorry
how do I find out what it is?
i just entered a URL  so it's like yours until the / mark and then it is
notjustanotherncguy
try it now
ok
what is new london?
no, i didn't put a town, this is weird, lol
yep
don't know where New London came from, lol
i know right, lol
so, how do I see your page now?
oh, ok, hang on then
just accepted, now what? lol
ok
i'm trying to find you, what would I type under search to see you?
ok, found you now, lol, sorry I'm so dumb!! haha
:D
you're really pretty jen
yw
i'm sure you have a nice and sweet bf right?
how come?
sorry, none of my business anyway
i see you like to play poker in one of your pics?
or is that a different game?
oh, lol, i'm not that good either, I'm the guy that would get talked into a game of strip poker and end up freezing if you know what I mean, lol
well, you'll have to one day, I'd play with just your gf's first so you aren't embarassed in front of guys you know
you can always make your own rules so you can at least leave your underwear on, I should have done that myself, lol
what you mean lost?
oh, sorry, you're one step ahead of me again, see, maybe that is why I do lose a lot! lol
yeah, just had to lay the boxers on my lap since I couldn't wear them, lol
the idea was that the girls lose to you know, but oh well   :D
of course, I would never strip for a guy, lol
hey, when I click on your pics, it says you are private again??
i know, what happened?
want to check it again?
ok
i think I was kicked out, sorry
trying again, lol
I was going to make a comment on one of your pics since no one else has yet is that's cool with you?
i'm back in now, lol
hey, do you play the piano?
good for you, I've been playing for 20 years
i could probably teach you a thing or two
yes, I started playing in a band recently and I play for my church too
ty
wish I could play for you sometime
i am pretty good, guess you have to be after 20 years you know
do you have a piano at your house?
same here
that's good
i doubt your mom would want me playing the piano for you there though 
hmm, she'd wonder where you met a 20 somthing year old don't you think?  lol
wish there was a way around that just don't know why people freak out about ages, I'm not asking you to the movies or anything, lol
i mean, you're very pretty and I'm sure a lot of fun, but i wouldn't want to freak you out that way you know
:\">
yw
so, have you been on dates before with guys?
that's cool, what happened?
that's good
i do wish  I could play for you sometime though
maybe i could give you a ring sometime and play a song over the phone or something, not nearly as good as in person, but better than nothing you know
just an idea, please stick to learning to play, you'll really be glad you did one day
yep, try your best, it's worth it, I'm speaking from experience
so, you live with your mom and aunt and uncle?
any siblings?
i have a younger brother but he lives in TN
do all 3 of them work?
i do, wish he lived closer
ty
want me to call later and play you something? 
what kind of music you like on the piano?
no, I would play something for you first at least, it would be up to you to play for me, no pressure you know, lol
most any really
the easy ones, just kidding
i can play the old rock songs, a little beach music, some of the newer stuff, elton john, eagles, and stuf
yw
i can play the theme from the Titanic movie too and some gospel
well, I'm decent at least, good is an opinion, lol
you can let me know when I play something for you
what would you like for me to play for you?
ok
when you want me to play for you?  ;)
ok
i can find one for you though, give me a sec
i have a good one but I'm holding my niece, is that ok? 
let me know what you think
ty
do you mean it or just trying to make me blush?  i already said I'd play for you, no need to butter me up, lol  :\">
ty
well, let me know when you want me to play, just give me your # and I'll play for you
i understand, glad you don't, there are some creeps out there
i just have a cell here and it's actually not mine, so you can call it if you like, but just don't call it back if we're not talking since it's not mine, cool?
a friend of mine
i dropped mine and have to get a new one this week,
i'm just using his for work today, that ok with you?
i know, and I never buy that stupid insurance either
i'll answer of course
you're jen right?
you liked to be called jen or jennifer?
ok, jason is cool here, lol or sexy, sweety, whatever, lol
let me know when you're calling
ty, you too
lol, ok
\"plug it in plug it in\" lol
ok
charging?? lol
ok, you might have to leave it charging while you're talking
up to you
i'm warming up my fingers for the ivroy for you, lol
you going to call me?
when?
hm, we'll discuss it over the phone, lol
it's not ringing   :(
lol
ok sweety
still not ringing?
ok
i'm getting lonely now, :(
you there?
i love your voice!  it sounds so much sweeter than my playing, lol
i feel like an idiot, i hope you know I don't just play for anyone
ty
:D
you are very, very welcome
it is 100's of times better in person
i'm glad you liked it
see, you need to keep it up girl, so i can call you and you can play for me
that' what I said
don't sell yourself short though
i wish I could come play for you in person, but i wouldn't want to get you in touble, that would be a lot of fun though, I could even help you learn a really good song possibly
i would play for you tomorrow or friday, but that would be completely up to you
is that a good wow or a you're crazy wow?  lol
i mean in person, is that what you thought?
remember I'm slow, see, if I can play like that, I know you can, lol
i do look a lot younger than I am, would it helped if I dressed more like 17 or 18? lol
i might could pull that off for you
lol
ty
that's a good thing though right?
ty  well, I think you are very pretty and sweet myself
so, did you like talking on the phone with me?  i'd love for you to call back and we could just chat instead of all that \"noise from me\" in the background, lol
ok
gotcha, cool, does she go back to work today?
oh ok
so, you can't call me then? just wondering
that's cool, tell her she nees a long nap for the baby of course, lol
i'm full of them, lol
no
are you interested?  jk, i know you wouldn't go for an older guy right?  :D
but I have such white teeth, can't you tell, lol
that's cool, I like you already, we could play the piano together, hey, finally, someone to play chop sticks with right!  lol
i do have pretty good teeth in all honesty, that is important you know unless you only kiss in the dark, lol 
so, on a scale of 1-10, how do you rate yourself as a kisser?  that is so important you know if you're dating, lol
well, hmmm, i would say you're really good then if he really liked it 
did you like his kiss?
most younger guys have a lot to learn, lol
good for him, hey, I'm jealous now, jk
i'm sure you would be wonderful to kiss, but i don't want to scare you away, I'm not weird or strange or anything, just funny, and an occasional weird sense of humor, lol
no, not even when I dress up on halloween
lol
actually, I didn't this year, so sad huh
i was going to go to a party and ended up out of town with a sick grandmother, she's much better now though
ty
so, if you will, be honest with me for just a sec, how big of a deal is age to you really?  as in myself for an example?
gotcha, so like 27 is ok really?  I'm not asking you to date me ok, don't think I'm crazy or anything, just using myself as an example
ty
i think you are too 
i wish we had met on here sooner so you'd be cool with me stopping by for just a little bit tomorrow or friday and playing for you
you seem like you'd be a lot of fun to hang out with even for a short bit
yw
i hope you get to call or that I can call you later, that would be cool
would your aunt care who you were talking to?
gotcha, I know what you mean, lol
me either, i don't want to get you in trouble
are you serious?
hey you know me now, I've played for you, we talked on the phone and chatted online right? 
u 2
ty
hi, we know each other now!  cool, let's talk, lol
i could even teach you to play poker, at least you'd have a good chance of winning playing against me,k lol
it is fun, we could place bets of who has to play for who
you sounded like you'd like for me to come by sometime, were you serious?
well, I hope I rank better than boredom, lol
hey, I'm decent to look at right, and I would play for you, I wouldn't even have to stay long just to make sure i was gone long before anyone would get home you know
see, told you I was full of them lol
what time are the 3 of them usually gone during the day?
yeah
do they ever come home for lunch?
that's cool
would I be able to stop by like mid or late morning?
just asking
i hope so, you too
i hope you think I'm better than just ok when you meet me, i do'nt like to settle for average 
well, you can judge for youserlf
well, I mean all around you know, and I'm sure you're far better than average
yw
so, what all do you care to know about me? anything?
i actually am in advertising for publications
it is pretty cool, that's why I said i could stop by cause I'll be near you for the next 2 days
or at least could be for you, lol
glad you think so, anything else you'd like to know? anything at all
i don't like to hide anything, that way people get to know the real me
good, we already have more things in common, see it would be a tragedy if we didn't meet you know
well, there you go, lol
i think we'd get along just fine, besides I woldn't be there long enough to wear out my welcome anyway
well, whatever, we could just talk and  get to know each other a little bit, we could play the piano, I'd love to see your birds, and then I can leave if you like
what would you like to do?
i'm not hard to please
i wouldn't stay long and make you get nervous on someone coming home you know 
no kiding right
if we hit it off, I'd love to stay a little while, but I could be gone in a few minutes if you wanted me to, I don't stay somewhere if I'm not wanted you know
that's true, but it's up to youl, we might have a great time and want to throw a movie on or something
just thowing out ideas
how long would you like for me to stay if we click well?  
that's true, see I told you, lol
that's cool
i hope you're not just teasing me cause you're bored right??
not at all
why would I?
yeah, that's why you're not supposed to chat with them, lol
i'm not looking to get a date or anything, I just think it would be so cool to meet you and play for you in person is all  we might hit it off and want to see each other again or not, don't know, but that's not the reason I'd like to meet you, you know
what you mean no?
oh, did you kind of want it to be a date?  since we're being honest here
no, you're fine, i should be honest with you, i would love for it to be a date, but i don't want to freak you out since we haven't met you know, but if you just wanted to meet and hang out a little bit, then that would be fine too
ok, lol
well, on a date, I like to kiss at the end, do you?
hey, something else we have in common, lol
but do you kiss on the first date? lol
how old was he?
gotcha
well, i certainly would not kiss you if you didn't want me too, lol
well, I try and ty
where's your aunt?
can you call me again, tell her it's gf or something? can you?
ok
cool
phone charged better, lol
you able to call?
trying to ad you
cool, we are truly friends now, lol
can you call me now?
is it ok to say i like you yet?  ;)
thanks
don't want to be too forward
hope I'm not buggin you about calling me, just like to talk to you
ty
do you have any other plans tomorrow at this point other than hopefully me getting to stop by?  you know, for our date  :D
that's cool, do you mind a guy in a pair of gap jeans and a nice shirt?  
ty
what do you like to wear for first impressions?
cool, well, i know we are supposed to be honest with each other so, I do like jeans but I love skirts, well not on me of course, lol
you have some?
cool
don't guess you'd care to wear one for me?
of course, you can wear anything you like
it's ok, whatever you like to wear
i bet you look really hott in a skirt though, am I right
i'm sure you do
here's the thing, you have any short ones?  jk, sorry, shouldn't ask that, now I'm just being stupid
i hope not, ty
yep, we do
honestly I like a short skirt and a fairly tight shirt on a girl, but not where she looks slutty or anything, still tasteful you know
how about the blue top in your pictures?  oh, I think that is supposed to be pj's?  not sure, lol
you do have the short skirt and tight top don't you? 
every girl has one outfit like that right? lol
cool
well, I'll try my best to look good for you too
maybe my piano playing will make up for anything I fall short on, lol
no, haha, but hmmm, what are you referring to?
not sure either, hmmm, oh well, thought you might know, lol
i like the pic of you and your friend, your in a blue top/gown,not sure, and she's in the green both of you are laying down with your head propped up on your elbows
you're gown or whatever is stretched kind of tight over the front of you, just an observation, it's a good pic though, not trying to be creapy
yw
you know which one I'm talking about?
yeah
in front of the fire place I think, is that your house?
it's nice
yw
must have been a sleepover? are the pics recent?
the one you saw of me is about 1 month old I think is all
cool, have you changed any? in appearance?
oh
i like that one too
how tall are you?
cool, good height
i'd ask other questions, but way too personal I'm sure
i like petite girls though, you're very pretty
yw
no, i don't want you to not want me to come over and stuff, cause i really would like to meet you, tomorrow would be good because i know you have to go back to school soon right? 
cool, so if we are able to see each other tomorrow and we click, i could possible see you again next week before you go back right?
ok, sounds fair
what size bra do you wear?
nice! moving on up, lol
know, i love a b size honesty, as long as youre not you know like 150+ pounds or anything, lol
cool, well a b on you is a great size, don't complain
sorry i'm asking about your chest though, not very much like a gentelman here, sorry
here's a crazy one, what size shoes you wear, lol
i wear a 9
not that you care, lol
that's cool, so do you think you like me any?
i bet you look really sexy in a bikini right
good, i like you, something else in common
you like me even though i want you to wear a short skirt and asked you your bra size?  that sounds so sleazy, but I'm not like that really
ty
is your aunt being cool yet? lol
oh ok, be nice when they are all at work tomorrow, lol
i know right
and i could come over right?
i know, I'm bugging you, I'm sorry
what day would you prefer or do you think would be a more definite?
i bet you could find out in casual conversation now
say someting like, \"so, did the doctor write you out of work yet\"
she would say yes or no, if yes, she's not going tomorrow or friday to work, if she says no, either day would work for us
you'll have to let me know what she says
at least you would know, i need to know so I can iron my shirt, lol
i don't do to well at that though, awe ty
well, if it looks really bad, I'd have to take it off, jk lol
i'm sure you wouldn't want that, lol
unless i lost the hand in poker, lol
i would teach you the strip poker game, but didn't think you'd want to play that, lol
it's a lot of fun, you just set your own rules, if you want to make sure your bra/panties/boxers and all that stay on then you just make that a rule and when you get down to that, you lose and you get dressed again
it is fun and funny though
you might be fully dressed and there goes my jeans, lol haha
or the other way around
i would never ask you to play that unless you wanted to though
it is
so, you would be cool in your bra in front of me though, if you lost a couple of hands?  in all seriousness?
it is, and then there's the infamous truth or dare, lol
see, we could find all sorts of things to do if you like me being around you know
we could play spin the bottle but that would be pointless, lol
haha
only played it once here years ago
what about truth or dare?
played that much
me either, the poker would definitely be more fun for sure
do you have cards?
well, that and clothes is all you need, lol
i'm glad you like me too, i think that's really cool
you don't think you're mom will be redialing the number you called from her phone do you? if so, just go to the number and delete it off your phone and she'll never know
unless you can call me again
;)
sure, you too
will you have her phone in the morning?
please do and we can talk on the phone first and then hopefully you can tell me where you live so i can some see you
i'm looking on mapquest at winston-salem and it's like an hour and a half from me but since I don't know your address, it's hard to tell how long it woudl take me to get there
when?
i can't tell, what town you live in then, what's that called
i will be going through greensbor and the map says that you are only about 40 minutes out of the way
not far at all for me
you're worth it
i know, i'm sweet like that well I try to be 
if it's ok with you in the morning, i could come by around 11
sure, i would have to leave around 2 to get to my appt near raleigh, so we could have 3 hours if you wanted to
same here
sure hope she's working tomorrow, lol
did you ask her yet about being written out of work?
you should right quick and see what she says
then we'd know
ok
i'll be right back in like 5 ok?
5 minutes
maybe you can find out during then, up to you
you there jen?
i missed you, you miss me?
don't tease me now, lol  :x
awe, I can be sentimental too
so, what did she say?
oh, lol
that's cool
so, did you really think bout me any when I was gone?
awe
so, does it take you a while to really like someone a lot or does it come pretty quickly for you if you click with the person?
same here, it all depends on when I actually meet them, it's like WOW, i really like this girl, or nothing really clicks, we hang out and that's about it you know
no
none right now
good question, a lot of it depends on the way they seem to feel about me too, if i'm attracted to them physically, they have a good personality and then if they really seem to like me back a lot and we flirt a good bit, then I find myself really liking them a lot by then usually
i do, i can't say how much cause we haven't met in person, but you seem really sweet, you're pretty, and seem to have a great personality and a good sense of humor, you also are learning to play to the piano, that's cool too
sorry that was so wordy
how do you feel about me so far?
be brutally honest now
that's a good start then, ty
do you think I look good?
ty
that helps i guess, lol
you don't want to be kissing any ugly guys you know, lol
didn't mean to insinuate  that we would be kissing, sorry
that's good
so, do you like for the guy to make the first move to kiss or do you like to do that?
that's cool, I  think guys are nervous about making the first move because  they think the girl might push them away and that would crush their ego and embarass them, lol
if we were watching a movie together at your place and sitting close and i wanted to kiss you i might try, but I would be nervous, you know
are you making fun of me now?  lol  :\">
ty, lol
i just don't want to get slapped you know
ouch
you wouldn't slap me would you?  lol
i would hope not, I'll have to be on my best behavior, lol
that's good, except for the lol you added haha
am I making you blush yet?  lol
you have a pretty smile too
nice, I like that
so, do you not hang out with your friends during Christmas break much?
oh, where does he live?
wow, long ways away
oh, I\"m sorry
sorry, did i mention something you don't like to discuss, I'm sorry
yeah, but still sucks
my parent's are still married, I'm lucky I guess
how old were you?
oh no! wow, so sorry
>:D<
i'm reaching out to hug you
i guess we could hug on a first date anyway, lol
ty
do you like to french kiss when you kiss?
sorry, just changin the subject, lol
i like it too
do you like to kiss with your eyes open or closed and where do you like for the guy to put his hands?  on your back, waist, hair, or.... where?
cool, me too
oh, lol
surely not on your butt or chest though right?  lol
ok lol
didn't know if you liked that or not
course it helps if the guy knows what he's doing and is gentle you know
oh
i'm not that shy, but can be a little nervous I suppose
oh, lol, probably not
would you mind a guy touching you there if he did it the right way and all?
wondered what it would feel like for a guy to rub your chest and all?
over or under your shirt?
that's cool, i think you'd really like it but only if you liked the guy and he was gentle and knew what he was doing you know
i really like for a girl to touch me, just you know, rub her hands on my chest and stuff too, it's really cool and feels good, unless her hands are freezing cold, lol
sorry, getting too personal i know, hmmm, so, what's on your mind jen?
hm, what i need to practice on the piano to play for you
well, of course thinking about you and hoping we really get to meet and all
i have to wonder, maybe just cuz i'm a guy, what it would be like to kiss you though, but i'll probably have to wonder that forever huh?
you?
ok, maybe a little to far out there
when do you think then?
when i see you maybe?  well after we talk and get to know each other better and all?
and if you really like me and me you right
sounds nice to me too
cool
i'll be sure and use mouthwash, lol
i want eat any garlic or onions before I come over either, lol
hey, we could play strip poker but wear your bikini under your clothes or something, what you think?  just another wonderful idea from jason!  lol
do you think so honestly?
i do try
ty
we could always play spin the bottle, but you'd need your friends over or something for that, not fun with just 2 people, 3 is ok, 4 or more is better I guess
otherwise we would just be kissing each other the whole time, lol
well, we all sit in a circle and someone spins the bottle, whoever it lands on has to kiss them, or if they don't want to, sometimes you can make them do a dare or something, but they usually just kiss
you can make your own rules about what kind of kiss, how long and stuff like that
that is good for me, lol haha
well, usually the girls will have to kiss but maybe just a pec on the lips or something where they have to french kiss the guys or something
good question, depends on the rules
they might have to do a pec on the lips too or do a dare or something
well, that's the chance you take with the game, of course they want to kiss the girls, but you never know if it will land on another guy or not, so you take that chance so you can kiss a girl
what do you think about that game?
it's pretty cool, but you just have to have more than two people is all
strip poker is a lot easier with two people and the fewer people you have to get naked in front of the better, lol
we should try that one, but I'll let you make the rules so you're comfortable with it
ty
i wouldn't want you to be uncomfortable, but as pretty as you are, you shouldn't worry about it honestly
are you kind of busy?
or maybe I'm bugging you now?
ok, sorry, you seemed a little preoccupied is all, it's cool
do you think you'll really think about me any tonight? or about me coming over hopefully?
what are you thinking?
oh, what about exactly?
oh, well that's really good then, i feel like I know you pretty well too, it's weird you know, but a good weird
i wish I could just drive up now and take you to dinner and a movie, sure wish it would work out that way
well, of course, you'd have to want to go, lol
oh, I know it want happen right now, it was just a thought
i really do like you
ty
:\">
:D
can I say you're sexy instead of just pretty or is that too much?
well, I think you are then, hi sexy!  
you're the pretiest girl in all of your pictures
you are very welcome, I\"m sorry, the sexiest girl in all the pics!
you know what I think?
age is only a matter of the mind, if you don't mind, it sholdn't matter
we are so much alike for real
don't guess you can call me back for just a few minutes can you?
if you could even just 5 minutes would be cool
it's okay if you can't
i just love to hear your voice
ok, cool, I'll be here
let me know
you should find out about your aunt with being in or out of work too if you can
you back yet?
ok
a lot of course
well?
what did you find out?
oh, I'm sorry
oh
nice, lol
save some left overs for me and you tomorrow
hmm who is that?
oh, you like him ok?
what time does your aunt go to work in the mornings?
is there any way you can get online about then?  i'll be on by 8 and you can let me know if she's going or not? i sure hope she is though
i really do hope I get to see you, I hope you feel the same
i'm not sure if I'll have my friends phone after 6 today, so just find each other in the morning online and I'll give you the number if it has changed if you want to call me too
make sure you deleted my number out of your mom's phone ok
and don't let her see this chat window, lol
cool
that's good, lol
i'm glad you like me and i hope i'll see you tomorrow or by Friday anyway
i'll come up both days if you want and I can work it out
you might have had enough of me in one day or you might want more, who knows, lol
oh, more of my piano playing, humor, kisses? lol
i would hope the kisses part,  :\">
i know, shouldn't get my hopes up to high though
i hope you are being a little serious maybe?
i would love to kiss you, but I know I'll just have to wait and see
how do you feel about it at this point though?
oh, ty
do you need to go eat or can you still chat?
i don't want to get in the way of dinner
cool
oh, what kind of busy?  lol sorry, haha
do you like him ok?
that's cool
sorry, I forgot your present, lol
can I bring you one tomorrow?
i'll think of something maybe
i know, a sexy matching bra and panty set, just kidding ok, sorry, i'm not really perverted, but you would look so sexy in it
it wouldn't do me much good unless you wore it for me to see though, so i guess not a good idea huh?
would you really consider wearing it long enough for me to see you in it? kind of like a mini fashion show or just waer it on the couch or something for a movie
to be serious for a sec, what size panties you wear then and would you rather have a 30 or 32 B?
oh, well, what kind you normally wear?  you like bikini, thong, lace, satin, cotton, what?
cool, any color preference?
red, black?
ok, i would seriously buy a set for you if you wore it for me, maybe for just watching a short movie or something, you can always get a blanket, lol
i know, I kind of went overboard there, but I really would buy you that
i try
what kind of bikni you have?
oh, are they skimpy? lol
tie on the side or anything?
ok
still hot on you though I'm sure
i'm sure it would be really skimpy without the top, lol jk
that would onlyhappen in strip poker though right, lol
i can't wait until the morning when we find each other on here, i'm getting excited about being about to meet you jen
ty
don't make me blush now, lol
:\">
see you did it, lol
what is your thought on long distance relationships?
i had one a long time ago and it worked for a while but neither of us could drive then, at least I can drive
only if I get to see you
when is your bday?
cool, mine is in June
13th, happy late birthday, how about birthday kisses instead of the spankings? lol
really? a kiss from you is more than enough
:x
hm, to see you in a sexy bra and panties, sorry to over the top I know
a maybe aww??
for me?
didn't know if the awe meant you would do that for me for Christmas or not, lol
cool, well then, I'll buy the set for you and then you wear it for me, cool
did you want a 30 or32 and do you like padded or not?  just cuirous don't want to buy the wrong thing
ok
it just makes your breasts look a lot fuller under a shirt and all, more like a large b or small c
unless you are a large b??
ok, lol
any more than a handful is a waste, and that's not just a cliche'
not that I would find that out though would i? 
yes, really
yep
i like them to fit you, if you are petite, they don't need to be big
i will buy you something pretty and sexy though
i like that about you though, it's sexy on you, works for you
i like black or red, you have a favorite?
you like lace at all?
i'll look for that then
you have to promise to wear it though or I'll feel really bad
nice
i'll try not to get any that are sort of see through unless that doesn't matter to you, sometimes lace kind of is anyway
cool you are really so cool and sweet, i hope you aren't teasing me about the bra and panties though   :\">
i try
yeah, it gets that way, I know
well, I hope it's something and me that you like though
we can just hang out and whatever you know
what do you think about touching, as in like chest and butt and stuff?  when kissing and all, how you feel about that?
ever wanted to try it though?
yeah, well, i could show you some things if you ever care for me too, up to you though of course and it's really fun
so, hm, what all is on your mind now sexy?
serious or seriously kidding? lol
what all are you thinking about me?
oh, gosh hope that is ok???
cool, well honestly, never met anyone quite like you either jen
and that's a very good thing
yw
what else?  think at all about meeting me, or maybe even a first kiss?
we think a lot alike then
lol
yep, wondering what it would be like to kiss you and just feel you close to me and all you know
i know I shouldnt but I wonder a little what it would be like to be kissing you with our eyes closed and letting my hand gently follow your hair down to your neck and then gently rubbing over your chest
sorry, smack me now, lol
you think
even rubbing my hand on your chest?
good I like romance too
maybe you have a button shirt and I slowly unbotton them one  by one while we are kissing and my warm hand rubs over your chest and bra slowly
sorry, want try to go that far, my bad    forgive me  :(
ty sorry
oh, didn't know if you like me thinking that
really? you don't think I'm weird or anything? I hope not though
ty, i just didn't want to sound so you know, forward and all
didn't want to turn you off or anything
where would you like to put your hand on a guy if you could and were curiuos?
oh,  well, hmm, any part of a guy you'd like to touch you never have before?
that's cool
that would be nice though, I would really like that with you
i tell you what, if we are kissing and enjoying that, you can touch anywhere you want to that you might not have before
hmm, do you want me to be honest though, don't want to make you feel weird or gross you out
i would really like for a girl to rub on the front of my pants where the zipper is
sorry, you asked though, lol
i wouldn't ask you to do that unless you wanted to try though,but yes i would like it from you of course
i could always gently take your hand and place it on me there where it feels good and all so you wouldn't have to guess you know
but, anyway, don't want to make you think i just want to fool around you know,  i like you for you
good
i'm just saying if you ever wanted to experiment some you could with me and not feel embarassed or anything
ok, what you thinking now?
be honest, i can take it, lol
ok
hope that's ok, guess I'm going to far with stuff, I'm sorry about that, I really want to meet you and don't want you to feel at all weird about it
good
ty you too
probably why I'm saying so much stuff, lol
just hope you still really want to see me, presents and all, lol
i'm glad
you made my day jen
ty
:x
>:D<
i feel so loved
awe, lol
i like hugs
more more, lol
you're too sweet
i will miss you and be thinking about you tonight  :\">
i need to really soon, I need to go get a bite to eat
don't be upset with me
i'll make it up to you as soon as I see you, extra hugs and kisses just for you
i'm glad we did though
i feel like i met a great girl, sweet and very pretty too
ty
yw
thank you, i hope you like romance, if so we'll do well together you know
i hope we get to see each other tomorrow or at least Friday
don't worry about cleaning up for me, I'm just coming to see you and play for you, not for a tour, lol
nice, need to work on this one a little, not too bad though
are you pretty easy to find? your house?
that's cool, I'm good with directions
oh, it's ok, is the bed cleared off for kissing and all?  just kidding
i wouldn't get that lucky I'm sure
what you mean how/
oh to kiss you on your bed
i think so, but up to you sexy
might be worth a try then
:D
just hope you want to kiss me too
ty
i need to run for a bit, might be on later, i won't have the phone tonight so wait to call after we chat in the morning on here ok?
i'll miss you jen
promise to thnk about me?
i'll think about you too
make your aunt go to work now, lol
i'll talk to you later or at least in the morning around 8 or so  >:D<
hugs and kisses
xoxoxoxoxox
bye sweety
see you soon
ok, don't make any other dates ok? lol
haha, miss you girl, see you later on here
hi jen, you're up early
it's jason
good morning beautiful
i'm pretty good, did you sleep good or think about me too much?  lol
:)
good answer, lol
so, is your aunt going to work?
no, why not??
man, that sucks
not your fault
yeah, i can move my appointment in raleigh to tomorrow anyway, that would still give us a chance to see each other tomorrow
i sure hope she feels better, you know she's not off of work though right?  just doesn't feel good is all today?
well, that's good though, she'll probably go tomorrow then, she won't want to miss to many days before the baby is born or she'll have to go back to work sooner afterwards
i'm sure she'll go tomorrow if she feels even sort of ok
true
just know none of it is your fault and I'm not upset with you at all, but.... if you want to make it up to me, hopefully tomorrow, you can with a kiss  :x
you're not sick too are you?
good
well, hm, do you live near a mall, theatre, store or anything?
you could meet me for a while, but it's ok, we'll make plans for tomorrow
you still really want me to come over right?
good
are you at least a little excited?
me too
what's the first thing you'd want to do when I get there tomorrow?
good idea, can you sing?
there you go, we might make a good team, you never know
what other stuff you mean?
oh, the kissing or touching or poker? 
is that what you meant?  sorry, still waking up here, lol
oh, ok, i was going to apologize for saying some of that, I mean we just met, and i was already talking about french kissing, playing strip poker and touching you and stuff, i'm sorry if i went too far with that, I'm really a good guy you know
so that stuff really didn't bother you? or you even liked it?
well, that's cool, because it is a lot of fun
of course, why wouldn't it?   we'll have to do all of it tomorrow then if you like
:)
do you think you would ever consider going out or steady with me if we clicked and really like each other when we meet?
i'm just thinking outloud, but what do you think about it at this point?
yes really
wow, ty
you really think so huh, cool
here's a stupid question for you and sorry cause it's so early in the morning but, have you ever thought about sex?  like do you want to wait until you're married or just when you find the right guy or what?  just curious is all?  
that is very true, lol
do you think you need to wait until you're older or what?
who do you think you'd want to be your first?  any certain person or time?
good answers, you don't want it to be with just anyone 
i am just curius is all, I'm a lot older than you, but i have to say there is nothing like sex, it's awesome and being with someone for your first time who knows what they are doing and can be very gentle would be a good thing, if you really like them of course
have any of your friends done it yet?
your gf's
what did they think?
sex is really only as good as the person you are with so if they were both with someone good, then they would have really liked it, if they were with someone who didn't know what he was doing, then they may not think it was all the great
well, i don't want to talk to much about it and scare you off, I'm not asking to have sex with you or anything anyway, i'm just curious about how you feel about it and all
i didn't say that I wouldn't love to do that with you, but i'm not asking you or anything
ty
yes I would, how do you feel about that though?
that is true, lol
sorry, didn't mean to put you on the spot so early this morning
you would actually think about sex with me? really?
if it did happen with us, I'd be very careful with you
:\"> you're really making me blush here you know
lol, hey, still got your pj's on?  is it still about 30 degrees there?
it is here but suppose to warm up to like 60 or so
what kind you wear?
oh, do you mind telling me what it looks like?  sorry is that too creepy?
lol
that's cool, panties?  lol of course, sorry
good girl, lol
i'm sure you look very sexy in it though
see, if I was coming over today, you wouldn't even have to get ready, lol
yw
i guess you'd rather have more clothes on with me coming over though right?
hmmm  your bikini?  jk
short skirt and and tight top you have , lol it's really up to you jen
i just want to see you
do you have the cell phone again today/
think you could give me a ring anytime soon?
i'd love to talk to you
any chance you could call me now?  is your aunt laying down maybe so you can have a little privacy?
ok, I'll wait
you there yet?
missing you
:)
ty
well?
oh, ok
ok
oh, she needs to go to work then, better late then never, lol
yeah I know
i'm trying to get on myspace to see your pics again, but the site is so slow, almost not running this morning
yeah, not working it says, a technical error oh well, I still remember how sexy you are though
what??
i know right, sucks though, but not nearly as bad as not being able to see you today  :(
yw
it's all good, just hope your aunt feels really good tomorrow though
i'll be coming within 40 minutes of you either way since I have to go out to Raleigh
as long as she's at work, I could come by around 11am
wish you could get out of the house for even 30 minutes or so if she was home and we could still meet each other for a few minutes, we'll just hope she's at work
well, i'm sure tomorow will work out just fine
how long is your hair?
is it more blonde or red?
nice
i love that, i thought so, but it looked like it had a red tint to it in a couple of your pics is all
i like that
it's sexy, lol
actually it is
has she gone back downstairs yet?
oh, wouldn't she just think you were talking to a gf maybe?
just wondering?
i bet she would or just wouldn't care since she doesn't feel good
up to you, just would love to hear your voice
really?  ty
i think we'd love talking in person even better, what do you think?
sounds really nice to mee
me, oops, lol
i have to warn you though, if we sit really close, my hands my wander a little, jk
would that be so bad?
the touching?
how do you feel about touching uder the clothes though?
i think so too
have you ever been touched well you know, \"down there\"  sorry, not too good with terminology here, lol
sorry, shouldn't have asked that
that can feel really good though
oh yes, you would love it I know
i'll change the subject, sorry, lol
ty, you are too sweety
me too
you don't ever just call your gj's and get a little privacy??
i understand, i'll try not to talk about sex on the phone then?  lol jk
what would you like to talk about?  anything that is on your mind
ok
i'm sure we can think of something, lol
oh they can't be as important as me, lol
ok, lol
i wish you could call me now
or try to
umm??
lol
ok
ok
i'm sure it is
it's a cell phone so it's not like she can pick up the house phone and hear what we're saying, lol
it should be cool
you there?
oh, lol
not sure, hopefully chat with you, talk to you on the phone but wish I was on my way to see you
so will you call me now?
ok
i hope she is, lol
if she's still in the bathroom, I wouldn't go in there after she's out for a while, lol jk
yep  :(
if she's still in the bathroom, I'm sure you'll be fine in calling me, just listen for her and all, if you have to hang up and call back, you always can you know
yep see more great ideas right, lol
*EDIT FRIEND's PHONE*  still have the same phone today, lol
no, i have to get a new one I found out, it will be the weekend before I get it or later, they are mailing me one
ok
don't be long, I'll miss you
:)
is she ok?
that's good
oh, that wouldn't be good, is it her first?
the first one usually comes late, the 2nd and so on usually come a little early
yep, when is her due date do you know?
can you call now? for a few minutes?  i'll pretend to be a gf from school if I have to, lol
oh, she has a while to go then, that's goo
good
*EDIT FRIEND's PHONE*
?
you there jen?
ok
it's ok
i'll wait for you always
well, just call me, I'll pretend to be a gf and if she acts weird just say, ok girl, I'll call you later and then get back online or something
haha, no kidding right
hey, if it keeps her from being at all suspicious, do it you know, at least we'll get to talk
me too, but we'll have to make the best of it you know
i think it will be fine for you to call, don't be so nervous, act like is just a friend and she won't think any differently
ok
i have to leave soon to run some errands, love to talk to you first even for 5 minutes you knowk but I understand
in a little bit
not this sec though
i'm not going yet though
i'll miss you too sexy!
:\">
>:D<
awe!  kisses too?
:-*
you're so sweet, making me blush again  :\">
you're sweeter
:-*:-*
extra kisses for you
8->
daydreaming thinking about you
let me be honest with you, I'm really starting to like you a lot, isn't that weird since we havene't met yet?
ty
do you think you could like me a lot though?
really? wow, that is so cool
enough to kiss me when we meet?
no? huh? where are you?  i miss you already!  :\">
i think kissing you will be so awesome!
i haven't french kissed in a while though, out of practice maybe, lol
not for a while no, but I do remember how very well I believe, you can always be the judge, lol
you know what they say though, but not that I believe it, kissing leads to touching, touching leads to more touching under the clothes, that leads to taking off the clothes, and that leads to sex, lol  like I said, not that I believe that though
first for everything right? lol
of course, that happens more often I guess when it's the right time, and place and all
i still want to buy you a matching set of bra and panties if you will still wear them for me?
would you really though or just kind of kidding?
i think it could really be romantic, what would be even better is if you put them on and came out of your room and we starting kissing and all
ok, one better, brace yourself, lol
we meet, we talk for a while, I play for you on the piaon, we hug and maybe have a quick kiss, then i give you your gift, you go to your room and undress and put the them on, just them, and then you call me, I come to your door and knock and you say come in and you're sitting on your bed in your sexy panties and bra, i sit down next to you and tell you how pretty and sexy you are and we start to kiss again
do you really think so?  would you be up for that?
i think so too, it wouldn't be fair to ask you to just have on your bra and panties and me be fully dressed, would you want me to take anything off to make it fair?
so, what would you like me in?
i'm a boxer guy just in case you care, lol
?
me in my boxers?  hey, that would be fair I suppose, lol
you could always put on the set I buy you and then get dressed again, we could then play strip poker until we get down to our underwear anyway, that would ad a little fun to it, lol
have you ever seen a guy in his boxers? 
really? cool ok
i do have to go in a few minutes, could you call for like 5 minutes maybe? please?  :x
>:D<:-*
ok got the #?
ok
:-*:-*:-*
mmm, i like your kisses jen
are you dialing?
ok
can't wait to hear it ring
hmm, not ringing?  
jen, you leave?  
:(
oh *EDIT FRIEND's PHONE*
thought you had left me there for a minute
:-*>:D<:-*
omg, i just love your voice, it is so sweet and sexy!  :\">
i really do love talking to you on the phone
i'm glad you're excited about me coming and bringing you a present
ty
i'm sure you don't wear something like that for just anyone so it makes me feel special, really
ty, i'm glad I do
i cant say that Ive ever met anyone like you either
but that is a really good thing!
i'm just glad we can talk about stuff, personal as well as other you know
is there anything personal you want to ask me or anything about what we can or want to do when we're together?  just asking
just wondered what all your thinking
about me/us?
me too, any details to the thinking about us?
i think so too
do you want to try anything new when I'm there? you know with me?
that's true lol
i hate to run, but I have to get some errands done
will you be around at noon or so?
an hour and a half at the most and I should be back
I hope so, if not, send me a message as to when you might be on so I can look for you, cool?
cya miss you lots!  >:D<
bye sweety, talk to you soon though
are you there jen?
i didn't know you cooked too?  WOW! I like that! :)
I miss you  >:D<
i miss you jen >:D<
where are you?  still making soup?  lol
>:D<
:-*:-*
don't leave me
where are you girl?
you there sexy?  please be there
was the soup good?
what kind?
not bad, so you cook?
do you cook anything other than soup though?
i know right, lol
i like tacos and speghetti    what's your favorite dish to make?  
you will have my heart now if you cook too, wow, you're too good for me, lol
i looked for you a gift when I was out, but didn't get anything yet, still trying to decide what to buy you
you're not changing your mind about wearing it are you?
:(
ok, good
:\">
ty
i really do like you jen
aww, thank you sweetheart
so, how's your aunt feeling now?
good, feed her early in the morning so she'll feel good enough for work, lol
make sure she goes now, lol
start the soup at 7am sharp, haha
so, did you ever  change or still in the nightie
aww, darn, jk, what you wearing now?
nice!  lol
what size jeans you wear?  ones?
do you know what waist size you would wear?
you there jen?
oh, ok, be nice if you were callin me!
oh, ok it's cool
why say your sry, i think you're really sexy, don't appologize for being beautiful you know  :)
>:D<
i bet you have a flat stomach too right?
that is such a turn on for me for real
yw  what are some of your turn ons?
just wondering is all, lol, so, what you thinking?
most girls like the way a guy kissing them, touches them, if he's hot and that sort of thing
so, maybe you like those things? i'll just have to wait and see I guess, lol
ok
i miss you  >:D<
you're very sweet
can you call while she's in the bed?  
what things?
gotcha, cool, nice, hmmm  :) i like
i hope you feel as comfortable with me in person as you do on here and on the phone jen
i think you will too, I'll do my best so that you do though
it's called thinking of the other person, not just yourself
i feel that way with you also
are you too busy to chat?
you seem preoccupied
oh
tell her to go to work, lol there are people there, lol
slip her a sleeping pill in her glass so she'll rest for an hour or three, lol
?
:(
(:|
:-w
I-)
:((
#-o
:-SS
O:-)
:-S
I-)
are you still there at all jen? hello?
yes, almost asleep
dreaming of you though
it's ok, wish I knew you'd be gone so long though
what is she doing now?
is she really that needy?  i feel sorry for her husband, lol
wow, that will be really bad when the baby is here, man do I feel for him, lol
that is true, but makes it harder for me to see you I suppose, will she go back to work a few weeks after she has it?
i'm sure we could, love always prevails, lol
do you think you can call me again later today?
i hope so, just love your voice and talking to you on the phone, can't imagine how nice it will be to do that in person
not to mention we can actually use our lips and hands for the kissing and huggs instead of the litlte yellow faces, lol
i will definitley be able to see you tomorrow, so I hope your aunt works
i really hope so
i hope you're still really excited about seeing me
i won't forget to play for you for sure
good, me too
what is the first thing you think we should do when we see each other??
you remember, cool!  I liked it anyway, lol
ty
i'll be sure to be on my best behavior too, lol
unless you prefer I'm not, lol
don't tell me that now, lol
:\">
hmm, lots of things, but we'll just do what you like and are comfortable with
well, the story ended with us kissing on your bed sitting up with you in your panties and bra and me in my boxers, you want it to end there or keep going a little?
well, we could be kissing and then lay down next to each other kissing still, i could kiss gently on your neck and maybe your chest, where your bra doesn't cover and then I could slowly slip off your bra and gently rub your chest while still kissng?  I know sounds crazy doesn't it?
you really think so?
what would you like for us to do next after that if anything?
it's cool, just asking, we can change the subject though if you like
well, i would probably kiss on your chest with your bra off and slowly run my fingers down your stomach to your panties, you want me to tell you more or not?  don't want to scare you off you know, I like you too much for that
i just didn't know how much you wanted me to say and all?
i just really like you and I don't want to make you uncomfortable or the least bit upset with me
so, you want to know more?
ok ok, lol
well we would be kissing or I would be kissing your chest and would run my fingers down your stomach to your panties,  I would gently rub the outside of your panties between you legs, if you were really liking it, I would then slide my fingers inside your panties and rub my fingers against your skin while kissing you
glad you like it
should I say more?
i would slowly slide off your panties over your ankles and begin running my warm tongue down your chest and stomach to between you legs.  I would slide off my boxers and take your hand and place it on me.  
you would begin to rub on me a little and i would use my finger to gently massage you between your legs
good wow or bad wow?
ok, whew, lol
i could then take the tip of my d**k and gently massage you down there with it and then begin sliding it in just a litlte and very slowly making sure you really liked it and that I was being very easy and gentle, as you liked it more and more and would put it in just a little farther and begin sliding in and out slowly and gently and we would be kissing each other passionately
well, with the right person, it really is that nice or better honestly
ty and you too
i'm not trying to talk you into considering doing any of that with me though, don't get the wrong idea about me please, lo?
ok
jen?
how do you honestly feel about just trying any of that with me?
glad you think so
can you call me?
:)
jen?
oh ok, lol
geeze, why is she bugging you so much, if she feels bad, she really should lay down, close the door and try to sleep
tell her you're going for a walk since it's so nice outside and jut take the cell phon with you?
just like 10 or15 minutes or so
ok cool
jen, tell me what you're thinking about?
really?  about everything or anything specific?
wow, that's cool, ty!
you don't think I'm being too forward with this stuff with you though??
i'm really glad you do, that is so cool
i think it's so awesome that we are this comfortable with each other you know
that makes us meeting each other in person so much better and more exciting, don't you think?
what do you think you'll wear for me tomorrow?
really? do you have a short skirt?
that's fine with me, lol
i honestly just want to see you, so it really doesn't matter what you have on to me
you are too
your aunt needs to sleep or you need to go for a walk, lol  hey, just trying you know
i know right, you need to wait a few years for sure
i would take no chances in getting you pregnant, no way, you don't have to worry about that
you must really be thinking about it then and that's a good thing though
so, are you really thinking about having sex though?
i would be very careful for sure you have my word on that
you trust me right?
you know we don't have to do that though
ty
we can just see what happens
i'd be really careful, but you don't want the first time you experience it to be with a condom though, I promise you that, it doesn't feel the same or nearly as good for the girl
what did your friends do about that?
well, we can if you want, but i can always pull out before I finish too
ty, don't worry, I want take any chances with that ok
yw
you ever think about how it will feel to do all that?
it's really awesome
if not with me, just make sure it's with someone you like a lot and knows what he's doing ok
if you decide not to do that with me tomorrow is what I meant
you know, you can always change your mind and stuff
ok
how much do you think you like me?
i feel the same about you
can you try to call me for a few mintues?
maybe why? where you going?
no I'm not, was hoping you could call me for just a minute or two
i meant call me for a few minutes, lol sorry
oh, lol, you can always call and put me on hold from time to time if you have to 
just another idea of mine, lol
i know right! lol
i'm sure you do to though
no kidding right, lol
do you not ever talk to your friends on the phone?
if you do sometimes, as long as she's not in the room with you she'd have no idea who it was on the phone you know
if she yells for you, just tell me to hold and see what she wants and come right back or something I guess
ok, only if you want to though ok
i thought so, lol  :x
when you think about me, what do you think about or how do you feel?
kinda funny what do you mean?
oh
no, but what kind of funny?  
that's cool
does it make you feel good inside and all too
very much so
ok
i'll miss you
:-c
>:D<
i missed you so much  
aww
ok
;;)
aww
so, what you thinkin now?
about seeing you and hoping you're fixing to call me  :)
?
please  :-*
>:D<
you keep dissapearing?  you still like me?
ok, lol
sorry I'm so impatient, lol
jen?
that was short, but ty for calling, sorry to put you on the spot about stuff though, you didn't seem like you wanted to talk about it
oh, ok
so, when I asked you if you were serious about stuff we talked about and you said sometimes did you just mean sometimes?
sorry, you said you were serious sometimes about all the stuff we were talking about and I wasn't sure if you were serious about all of it or not is all, sorry
ok, that's cool, geeze i haven't met you and I miss you still
>:D<
i think so too but than anything with you sounds nice to me
ty
ty, i think it will be hard to leave you tomorrow when I have to go you know
what do you think?
ty
how do you think you'll feel then?
that's cool, we'll have to keep chatting a lot until I can see you again, maybe even next week
the more the better right?
cool
if she doesn't work tomorrow I'll be so sad
we have to get her to go somehow, lol for real
if she doesn't i'll still be so close to you, you'd have to go for a walk or something just so we can see each other maybe
i'd hate to be that close and not get to meet you you know
i know  :(
but we will see each other and get to lots of this :-*>:D<:-*
i know we will, i have a good feeling , you?
good, makes me feel better
so, when do i get your address? i would never show up though unless we planned it for sure
i wouldn't drive that far and you not be home you know, lol
ok
when you be back?
:(
ok, i'll miss you though girl
ok, look for me later and early tomorrow
you there jen??
good morning jen, you there, it's jason
jen, are you there??
hello?
jennifer?  where are you girl?
:(
>:D<
hello?
?
?
hi girl, new pic??
nice, any more?
no
just loooking at the one in the little window in our chat box is all
nice!
no full body shots huh?
can you e-mail me some?
is your aunt at work today?
are you uploading them yet?
ok
i'll try to be patient, lol
got 3 I think
nice, any more of just you?
the first one of you laying on the floor is already in your pics on mysapce, but I really like it, the way you are laying down makes your chest look bigger, nice pic girl
i like the pink shirt
is that your room your in?
nice, which bunk is yours?
nice, which one can we kiss on tomorrow?
i like that you're showing a little stomoch in the pink shirt pic, nice
hope I can see more of it, lol
did your aunt go to work today?
how come?
just today?
so, they should all be working tomorrow
nice
i do
are you excited yet?
I sure am
:-*
>:D<
awe thanks
when can I get your address though?
i'll look it up on mapquest for directions
sure, i'll try to be on here by 8am or sooner in the morning then
so, if I can get there by 11 or a little after and stay until about 2, you think that will be okay with you?
yeah I think so too
do you have any sexy underwear already?
oh, lol, hmmm, ok I'll have to be sure to bring the ones I got fo you then
i missed you to a lot 
did you kiss anyone at midnight?
it was ok, but would have rather spent the time with you
oh, they were too old?
oh sorry but I'm glad you didn't, I wanted you to wait and kiss me
ty
:\">
how old of a guy would you kiss though?
just curious
even french kiss an older guy, that's cool though
i'm older, but not old, lol
:-*
cause I'm not, lol
how old do I act?
that's cool
i think we might be just right for each other though
once you learn some things to do in the \"bedroom\" we could have a blast all the time you know?
sorry, I talk to much about sexual stuff, I'm sorry
picked out what you're going to wear tomorrow for me?
ok
make it skimpy, lol
ok
you know, like a short skirt with no panties, lol
:\">
i know you'll look hott in whatever you wear jen
yw
so, what were you thinking when you thought about me this weekend?
that's sweet
well, I was mostly thinking about you and wishing we could have kissed each other at midnight you know
anything else?
you know, i've never made out on a bunk bed before
lol
wanna try
of course I do with you
i still can't wait to kiss you though you know
ty
brb
sorry, phone
i really have to go though
i'll miss you today but I'll look for you first thing in the morning, ok?
i'll try not too, lol
>:D<
:-*
>:D<
you there jen?
hi, came home for lunch
what's up?
you been missingme?
your pc in your room?
that's cool
wish you had a cam
i did and it quit working, need to get another one 
oh, i understand though
guess I don't need to see you on your cam since I get to see you in person tomorrow
in person is always much better anyway
;)
are you kind of busy right now?
you there??
oh, ok, lol
good, make sure you can hide me tomorrow in case someone comes home for lunch ,lol
that's good, I can even park a couple of houses away or something if you want me too
don't want either of us to get in trouble you know
see, another good one, lol
do you live in a neighborhood?
i'll just park on the street or something a few houses down then
it will be fine I'm sure though since no one comes home, I will leave by 2 or so anyway so you want get caught
it will be hard to leave you though, you know
ty, you too
do you think you'll miss me a lot more after we're together than you do now?
i'm sure I will
i miss you already, just think after we spend time together, and kiss and other things, I'll miss you a whole lot for sure
do you dream about us kissing and stuff?
cool, I like that
in about 20 minutes
do i need to let you go?
ok, hey, buy some sexy lingerie, lol
not too be so personal, but you aren't on your period this week are you?
i did, but they don't look that good on me, lol
cool, sorry to ask about that
doing things are a lot easier and better when it's not that \"time\" you know, lol
they do, but some girls don't like to
you can't get pregnant then, so you don't have to worry about that, lol
yeah, kind of, better when you're not cause you can do other things too
well, someone could finger you then or go down on you
if you want
i'm sure you'd love it
oh yes
but you can decide for yourself you know
do some of your friends do that I\"m sure?
are you good friends with crystal?
she seems sweet from what she says on your my space page
i don't know her though
has she done some of that stuff? you could ask her about it
she's pretty too, but not as pretty as you
yw
i love the great smile of yours and the blonde hair
i hope you think I'm hot when you see me in person tomorrow
aww, ty too
please don't get nervous about me coming over, like I said, we don't have to do anything you don't want to, but we can try anything you want as well, lol
ty
you ever met any scary people? lol
that's good
yeah, there will always be weird people out there and all though
just don't get locked in your closet with one, lol haha
i'm just too funny, lol
lol
what's on your mind?
that and chatting with you
yeah, don't want to starve you know
hey, you gonna make those famous tacos for me? lol
i know right, lol
well, that or I can go get us something to eat and bring it back, i'm sure you won't want to leave the house
i could take you to victoria secrets and let you pick something out
that's cool though, just want to spend time with you
would you let me in the dressing room though? lol
hey, doesn't hurt to ask you know ,lol
you feel pretty sure everyone is going to work tomorrow?  how is your aunt feeling?
that's good to hear 
your mom just took today off for sure?
does she wonder what you do all day by yourself for so long?
that's cool
guess if she calls tomorrow, I just want say anything, lol
yeah I know right, lol
so, you'll answer the door tomorrow right if I drive 2 hours to see you right?
yeah, that would so suck if I drive 4 hours round trip and you don't answer
i know
i won't leave in the morning until we talk and everyone has gone to work for sure anyway,  you'll have my number while I'm on the road if you need to tell me anything too, ok?
getting nervous and excited yet? for real?
more nervous, or more excited?
that's good, me too
ty
hey, do you have a digital camera?
oh, how do you get your pics online?
oh, that's coo
cool
just thought we could take some of each other together maybe, but it's ok
would you tell your friends if we started dating or had sex or anything?
that's cool
yeah, I wouldn't advise it
maybe if we're together in a couple of years right
cool
me either ok
our secret I guess, lol
like I said, we can do anything you want tomorrow, I'm yours for 3 hours
ok
sounds great to me too
i'll try to look good for you too girl
you could always wait to take a shower when I get there though, lol
are you being serious though?
you would take one with me after we meet?
wow, that would be so awesome, you really don't think you'd mind taking a shower with a guy right after you meet him?
it feels like I know you too
you don't mind me seeing you naked then?
cool, want to see me naked too?  lol
well, kind of have to in the shower, lol
right, i think you'd even be sexier wet
ty
ever wanted a guy to wash your hair for you and kiss you in the shower?
cool
so, what's on your mind now? your mom bugging you today yet?
that's good, lol
that' cool, you going to get anything sexy?  new skirt?
nice
lucky you then, tell her you need some new 32B bras and buy some matching panties to go with them, mmm
yeah, but do you think she'll wonder where you got them when they end up in the laundry?
oh, gotcha
just don't get caught with them, lol
that's a good idea, see you have some good ones too, lol
well, how soon after I get there do you think you could put them on for me?
hmm, just wondering
ty, I try, lol
i do a lot
hope you don't mind me thinking about you in good ways and naughty ways, lol
so, is that a \"you don't mind\" ,lol
lol, nice, cool yeah, lol
wow, look at the time, you need to go shopping and I need to go back to work so I can see you tomorrow
will you be on for sure in the morning by 8 or sooner?
ok, miss me a lot and think about me more
fun only cuase I'm daydreaming of you
>:D<:-*
bye sexy
jen, been missing you girl
we're on for today right?
yeah
we're on for today right
oh, thought she went to work by now?
just go ask her what's up?
you back yet?
hmm, ok?
i'm good and you?
just trying to schedule my day and waiting to hear from you is all really so I can see you
no, it's not your fault
any news yet?
ok
did she shower this early yesterday when she stayed home?
that's good, maybe she just running behind, does she seem to be rushing any?
hmmm
ok
ok
welll?
yes?
that's good finally, lol
oh yeah, that is true, post office closed yesterday
so, when is late cause it would be 11 before I can get there anyway
hmm, well, when she says morning, she might go in at like 10 or so still though, you never know, we need to find out about when she's leaving, ask her if she wants you to cook some lunch later since she's home?  then she'll say no cause she has to go in at such and such time maybe?  try that??
ok
ok
what? that sucks, sorry, now you have to cook, lol\
what if i come at 1 for lets say about 2 hours then
oh, cool, save some for me, lol
how about I plan on coming at 1 and if I don't hear from you I'll be there about then, if she stays any longer which I doubt she will, call me and tell me to wait a few more minutes, cool?
heck no, they have to mail it and the post office has been closed for 3 days so no, still have my friends though you can call
i miss you too, i'm going to get to see you though!  maybe a little later then planned today, but still see you!
what do you mean hope?  if she's leaving after lunch i can still see you right?
i will be upset, but not mad at you ok, as long as she goes in by 1 or so, it will be fine
me too a little, but good ones, lol
hey, at least we'll no noone will be home for lunch if I'm not there until 1 it won't matter, lol
that's good, lol
want to send me your new pic?
when was that taken?
it's a good one
wow, that's recent then, cool
yw
you are a very pretty girl jen
i'll be leaving by about 9:30 this morning or a little later, can i get your address?  don't worry, i'll be there around 1 unless you call me first and I'll adjust the time if I need to so no one is there but you, i promise
um, like when?
you can call me with your mom home?
i understand, but i'll be having to leave by 10 at the latest anyway cause I need to run some errands on the way, we know she's going to work so everything should be fine, just relax ok, it will be fine sweety
i won't just show up, the last thing I want to do is show up and you not be the only one there you know, that would be as bad for me as you, so i would never do that
you have my word
you don't need to be ok
you trust me right?
then know that I mean it when i say i don't do anything to get you in trouble, you know when you called me the number came up on caller id, but i never once tried to call you back
you have the #
