Hi how are you doing
Are you really 18?
Your very beautiful you just look young
14 yes I am 24 I hope that's not bad to you cause I am interested in you
So you don't mind the age? I might have a chance to date you?
I'm not a jerk at all actually I try to be the sweet romantic guy some like that some don't but that's me
I really try I'm a loyal man I dont lie. I'm not all about sex I do love simple affection and the little things like kissing and cuddling but whem I'm with someone I do have a high sex drive I hope that's OK I always go out of my way to make my woman happy any way I can I really need a girl who can appreciate me and take care of me to
What do you think about that
You can have me if you want me
Just saying
Hi there. You must be interested....normally I have to ask for a number lol 
It's not bad at all I was just about to ask for your number actually 
Any chance you can send me a picture of you 
You there 
Lol sorry I didn't think about that 
My email is dickerson1432@gmail.com 
You are very beautiful 
Send me one more. :) I'll send you some if you would like 
I sent you one baby 
I sent a couple more 
I'm glad you do. I have a naughty pic for you to but I don't know if you want to see that this soon lol 
Yes really :) 
Depends. Would you like to see? 
OK you asked for it lol 
You can have it if you want it 
Or when you want it :) 
Actually yes I do. Would you want it 
Just maybe? 
I do want to I'd like to have it all the way inside of you 
But of course that's not all I want. I really would like to try to make you my girlfriend 
Yes baby I'm serious 
Yes 
So you like the idea of being my girlfriend? 
Well of course I'm not wanting to rush that I actually want to get to know own you and actually meet you I was just hoping you were as interested as I am 
That made me feel good when you said I was big 
Are you a naughty girl? 
Do you really like sex 
Did that pic turn you on to see that? 
Because I am older and I know more about what I'm doing it would be alot better with me 
Cause I know how good I am :) 
Did it turn you on a little to see that picture 
Well no rush and I never want to make you feel uncomfortable but I really would love to have that as deep in your wet pussy as it can go 
You OK? Lol 
I'm hard as hell at the moment but yeah I'm ok 
I was hoping I was starting to turn you on a little maybe get you a little wet 
Yes I know lol sorry 
But you did like it? 
If you want we can continue that conversation later today 
How's school so far today 
It'd be better if you were here with me :) 
What time you get out 
Any chance I can hear your voice when you get out 
Why not when you get home 
Oh well hopefully I can talk later tonight 
So do I seem like the kinda guy you want 
That makes my day 
From what I know yes I do very much baby 
I wish I could kiss you 
Really? 
I want to taste your soft lips and your tongue. 
It is kinda awkward though that your only 14 and I'll be 25 in just 3 months 
Well I don't want to sound like a pedophile but it's kinda a turn on that your so young 
OK? 
Oh OK thats awesome 
Well I like you you like me age don't matter 
I want to hold you 
If I did I wouldn't want to let you go baby 
Having fun 
You must be busy text me when you can 
Gotcha what y'all have? 
Lol yeah I know I remember what did you bring 
I had ramen noodles lol 
Yes lol tell me about it 
Huh? 
Watching tv 
Oh lol sry besides work I'm going to spend the night drinking with my stepdad 
It'd be nice if you were with me I'd love to kiss you by a bonfire 
I'd make out with you and hold you as long as you want 
If you drink I'd even get you a little buzzed 
Yes baby and I understand beer I'm almost 25 and I just started drinking beer and I ment like good flavored vodka or something 
For you 
Would you drink if I had it 
Baby it's not about me would you want to lol 
Lol if you did I might not be able to keep my hands off you. I might kiss you and even slide my hand down your pants by the fire 
Lol yeah I would but it'd probably be better if I waited till he went inside 
Would you like all that though 
How much baby 
How much do you like the idea 
Lol sry that's good though I wish you really could come see me 
Well one day when I can come to you do you want me to? 
How would your parents think about that. And can I call you 
Well I won't be able to talk after 530 I just wanna hear your voice for a min 
And would you sneak me in your house without your parents there or just not tell her how old I am 
That sounds good. So can I hear your voice before 530 
I understand baby it's ok 
You know if I come see you I might try to get you wet and turned on 
Would you like it if I did. Would you let me? 
Well kiss you taste your tongue maybe kiss and nibble on your neck a little and slide my hands up your shirt unsnap your bra slowly massaging your soft titts that's to start 
I can keep going 
Well I would slowly undress you get you completely naked. Lay you down on my bed and kiss your lips taste your tongue work my way to sucking on your neck slowly kiss lower to licking and sucking on your titts kiss and drag my tongue all the way down your body to your feet and slowly back up spreading your legs kissing up your inner thigh 
Gently touch your clit with my tongue then go down and lick all the way up then push my tongue deep inside of you. I'll keep licking and sucking till I make you cum as hard as you can then suck out and swallow every drop 
Sry if that's to much 
Of course I am and alot more....... Only if you let me 
That's up to you 
You want me to keep going or stop 
After I swallow your cum ill drag my tongue back up your body kiss your lips then gently bite your neck as I slide every inch of my dick as deep in your wet pussy as it can go. Then continue sliding it in and out harder and harder till you scream and cum all over me 
What you think about that baby 
Do you want it 
Lol sorry we'll you can get it when I come see you we would just need a place to go. Maybe I can get a motel 
How soon do you want to 
I will as soon as I can. I want you really bad 
I won't have the gas money this week unless you could help it'll have to wait just a little longer 
As 
At the moment I'm a little broke I would need about 10 for gas and I have to come up with enough for a motel if we do that 
You would pay the money from your birthday just to see me and have sex with me 
?? 
Yeah I'd pay you back 
I want you really bad 
I really want to make you my girlfriend 
It's been almost a year 
Really well maybe we can change that 
I can't stop thinking about you 
You busy? 
OK just text when you can sweet heart 
You can call in a few minutes if you want 
Good morning 
How are you doing beautiful 
You just OK? I didn't bother you last night did i 
I gotcha I thought that's what it was but I was just making sure I didn't annoy you. 
I have been thinking about you all night 
Just how amazing it'd be to actually meet you hold your hand and kiss you 
I mean it 
You want it I know you do 
Really baby? 
I'm not sure yet baby you said you had the money didn't you 
From you or someone else 
Well I'll let you know when I have the time baby. It'll have to be a weekend won't it 
Oh so you would like to cuddle up with me all night baby? 
I really would love that 
If that happens I'll be all over you that night 
Lol what's so funny 
I wasn't trying to be lol 
I go into work at 3 
Either I can call when I get off which will be close to 10pm or we will have to wait till tomorrow 
Yes I know so it will probably have to be tomorrow 
Is school fun 
I wish you was with me instead 
Mmmmm 
I can't stop thinking about you 
I'm off 
Good morning beautiful 
Can I call you after school 
Anytime before 5 
I'm sorry 
You busy? 
Just watching TV I missed you like bad 
I got off at 3 this afternoon 
Cause I was tied up where I couldn't talk until now. 
Well running errands and I had to go to my mother's and help out with moving stuff 
Can I call you tonight 
Yes baby 
Can you call before school or after 
I can't wait 
Are you really serious about spending a night with me 
I'm still trying to work on that baby and yes I do like really bad 
I want to sleep with you 
Honestly I'd like to have sex with you that night 
Do you want to have sex with me? 
I do really bad 
So when we spend the night together can we? 
Do I have to wear a condom? 
Can you send a sexy picture of yourself to me. Like naked or close to it 
I won't make you pregnant I promise I won't even cum inside of you 
OK I just thought I'd ask 
OK baby please text me when you wake up 
Good night 
Good morning beautiful 
How are you 
Aww wanna come cuddle with me 
Please baby 
After I spend the night with you I want to make you my girlfriend 
Yes really would you like to have a boyfriend? 
I want to be your boyfriend. I'll let you know in plenty of advance time I promise just at the moment I'm trying to find time 
I'm sorry 
Can you call me today after school? 
Ok 
Driving 
Your adorable 
Yes you are and I love it 
I don't know baby I have a lot going on here right now it's gonna be a couple weeks if not longer 
Hi baby 
What's the question for 
I was at work 
What 
Hello 
You not wanna talk to me anymore? 
I'm sorry I've been busy with work. What are you doing now 
You awake 
Hi beautiful
You
Where do you live again?
Would you still let me come see you and have sex
Yea
You want me in your pussy?
Yes or no do you want me inside you?
I wont get arrested for sex w a minor?
I don't have your number anymore or else I would text you
I do want to fuck you really bad
Hi beautiful 
I do want to be deep inside you 
I actually want to try to this time just need to make sure I have the gas money 
What day would be good for you 
I am serious 
Well? 
What time you get out of school 
Well I have to be at work at 5. Lol bay you can skip a class one day 
Either that or we can make it quick after school so I can get to work in time 
You won't. I do get paid this Friday though so if I don't have it this week I will definitely have it next week 
Yes 
Do I need a condom? 
Can I cum in you baby 
You will let me? 
I don't know but it would feel amazing 
So yes or no baby 
I want to cum deep in your wet pussy 
What's funny 
Ok you think it's funny forget it 
No I'm not I'm sorry my phone has been off for the past day or so 
Text me when you can please I promise I'm not all talk 
I'll prove it 
What you doing right now 
I was wondering instead of sex would you be interested in also trying to be my gf? 
No not instead of sex. I still want to have sex with you but I was just thinking about possibly having more than just sex 
Can you send pictures 
Can you send me a couple 
Well I'd like to see just you but I would love to see that beautiful body of yours to. If your not ok with sending that I understand 
I want to see normal pics of you but I wanna see as much skin as I can too. I'll take and show you some if you want 
My email is dickerson1432@gmail.com 
When can you send me the pictures 
I just asked to need to sound like that 
If you want I can right now baby 
Just emailed you two 
You like? 
I want that deep in you 
Can you go to the bathroom and take a pic of your boobs or something and send it 
It's ok I'll see it when I undress you myself 
I want to make you wet 
Yes I do I wanna lick it all up 
You want my tongue deep in your pussy baby 
You want all of my dick deep in your pussy 
Yes I'm sure why? 
I'd kinda like you to be 
How old are you again 
Are you actually a sweet girl 
That's what I want to see 
I'm going to be. I actually am interested in you. I just missed my chance last time and I don't want to do that again. 
Are you actually interested in me 
I'll be a good man to if your a good girl to me 
I'm serious baby 
If your a good girl to me and a naughty girl then you will get the same from me 
What you think about that baby 
I'd love to wrap my arms around you and kiss you 
Just ok? 
I want to see how good of a girl you can be for me 
Just be yourself and if your actually interested in me. Show me 
I'm not asking you to chase me I'm already chasing you :) 
Your beautiful and I think you would make a good girlfriend 
I want to kiss you 
When can I hear your sweet voice baby 
Maybe? 
How late are you up at night 
See I have to work at night I don't get off work till 10 
:( I want to talk to my girl 
Well I can step to the bathroom and talk for a min while I'm at work 
Are you a good kisser 
I'm going to try for Wednesday but I have a few questions 
Well I'm not going to be able to get you until you get out of school right? 
Would you be home alone? 
Where can we go to be alone 
It's a 40 min drive just to come see you then bring you back here and back to your place. You have any gas money to help me out? 
At least $8 
I do live in a 1 bedroom with a roommate so we will have to stay out of the bedroom 
That's not a problem right 
It's all i can do right now I don't make enough at my job for a place of my own yet 
Well yea and I have a fold out bed thing I sleep on if you want to have some fun 
You still want to have sex? 
I'm asking if you want to baby cause I do want to 
Then yes when I get you here I'm going to get you naked and be deep inside your wet pussy 
I want to make my new girlfriend cum 
That's you babygirl :) 
I might even cum deep inside you 
If you let me 
I could just pull out and cum on your body so we don't take the chance of getting you pregnant 
Not yet anyway if and when we actually have a good relationship then I can make you pregnant when you get older 
:) 
I know lol 
Your way to young 
I want more than sex I want you cuddled close in my arms and I want to kiss every inch of your beautiful body 
I'd love to hold you in my arms and gently run my hands up and down your body and through your hair till you fall asleep 
I want to make you my girlfriend 
Unless you do or say something to change my mind then yes baby 
I ment that in a good way I ment if you really are a good girl then yes 
Baby? 
It's ok I miss you 
Can you call me 
Aw :( 
I wish you were here in my arms right now 
I want to kiss those soft lips of yours 
That make you happy baby 
I wish I could see you right now 
Really 
I want to hold you and kiss you and pleasure your body 
Hi baby 
How's my beautiful girl doing 
Come here and cuddle with me baby you can fall asleep in my arms 
I'd hold you the entire time 
Having a good day at school babygirl? 
I'm thinking about you baby 
Watching tv lol 
Something stupid I'm not really sure 
What you doing 
You been thinking about me at all? 
What about me 
Wednesday 
Is that what you been thinking about? 
Or more 
I've thought about actually meeting you and what it would be like to kiss you 
I bet your really soft to and that's a major turn on 
You know I'm 25 right? 
So why you want an older man 
I think that you being 14 is hot 
Be better if you were my girlfriend 
I don't know why do you think being with a 25 yo is hot 
Well I'm not sure on my part. I guess it's the innocence and I know you haven't been touched by as many guys 
What you think about that 
I think your beautiful and to me that matters 
And you seem like a really sweet girl 
What are you the other times when your not sweet lol 
If you actually like me then I won't anymore 
I'll stay yours 
Question is do you like me and want me to stay yours 
I'd like you to be a sweet girl to me but also a really naughty girl 
I don't know your 14. What would you know about being a naughty girl lol jk 
You will have to show me baby 
Your not a baby but your my babygirl 
I want to make you cum baby 
I can't wait do you like it when I call you baby 
Lol sure? 
Lol 
I want to know more about you like your hobbies your interests what you like what you don't like and I really want to know what turns you on 
Hun? 
What turns you on and what kinda music do you like 
Well that only answers half a question lol I asked two questions 
Well the music I like rock and country 
Well when I asked what turns you on I ment what I can do to turn you on like me I love when a girl kisses on my neck and soft skin is a turn on for me to. Soft touches and kisses gets me hard quick 
I want to make you really wet 
Lay you down get you naked and kiss and nibble every inch of your beautiful body 
Are you really serious about this Wednesday 
Yes I am I just don't want any one of us to get in trouble 
What makes you want to have sex with me so soon. Most girls aren't that quick for sex. I'm not doubting you I'm just curious 
You know I've got a belly I'm not fat but I'm not 6 pak either 
A little chubby 
So your going to be free all day Wednesday without anyone looking for you 
2 that afternoon? 
I was planning on coming to get you that morning 
Well is there anything we can do to stay there instead of coming to dothan cause my roommate gets off at 5 and I have to be there to pick him up 
Like I can park somewhere and walk to your house or something 
I want to do this but we have to figure out how 
We could go in your room? 
Mmm I'd love to have sex with you on your bed 
Ok baby 
Night 
Hi baby 
How are you 
I wish I was with you 
Can I call you for a sec 
Ok 
I'm cooking and I just tried to call but I guess you can't talk :( 
I just tried to call sorry 
Let me know ow when you can call before you do just to make sure I'm free to talk 
I miss you 
But I stay a little busier than you do too your a teenager I'm an adult I do a lot more than you do 
Well cooking cleaning that stuff too lol 
I wonder when I'll ever see the sweet loving girlfriend side of you 
I can't wait 
Didn't know I could 
Would you have been able to spend the night? 
I wish I had known that baby you would be here right now 
You would be close in my arms right now 
I'd probably be kissing all over you 
You mad at me? 
You think if I actually prove to you I'm interested by showing up that you might end up falling in love with me 
I don't know you might be too young for me to actually date 
Yea 
Well I'm a lot different I'm a good guy just out age difference if we were to date how could we make it work I don't see your parents being to happy about it 
So we would have to keep it a secret for a while huh 
That would kinda suck but I'd do it if you were worth it lol :) 
You think you are? 
Good morning beautiful 
Lol 
I just do 
Hi there 
I miss you 
Talking to you 
I want to hold you 
Actually I'd love to wrap you close in my arms run my fingers through your hair and gently kiss your soft lips and taste your tongue right now 
I'd do it baby 
I'd make sure we were both naked under the covers so I can keep you warm and let you feel it all 
I might softly kiss all down your body and run my tongue all the way up your soft skin 
I'll do more 
Yes 
While I'm kissing your lips and then kiss your neck as I slowly run my hand up your thigh and gently slide a finger deep in your pussy 
What you think 
Yea 
No 
I worked earlier today 
You there 
Good morning beautiful 
I miss you 
How's my girl doing 
So am I babygirl you still have the gas money for me? 
You will need to text me your exact address and what time I need to be there 
Right directly after 2 cause I can't stay too long 
I'm sorry but I will be there 
I want my kiss 
I'll give you your kiss and much more 
Good morning beautiful 
How are you 
Then come here baby 
I want you like really bad 
I'm going to kiss you 
Yes baby 
And I'm going to have my hands all over your body 
Can I kiss every inch of your beautiful body baby? 
So tomorrow can I at least be on the phone with you before I show up 
Sure 
Lol no I don't think your fake 
I can't wait baby I want to hear your voice 
You have heard it once 
The last time we talked 
You called me in the bathroom at school 
I want to hear your beautiful voice again babygirl 
Oh 
If you can yes 
How many guys have you had sex with 
I'll be better 
Cause I know what I can do 
You will find out 
I wish I could be deep inside your tight wet pussy right now 
Main thing I want to do is cuddle I'd love to put in a good movie turn off all the lights get under a blanket with you any wrap my arms around you holding you close and running my fingers through your hair 
And long slow passionate kisses 
You can call me? 
Babe? 
Omg I love your voice 
Just talking to you gave me a bad hard on lol 
Did I get you smiling babygirl? 
I want to make you my girlfriend I don't even care if it has to be a secret for a while 
So what would you say if I asked you now to be my girlfriend? 
Well ? 
Is that a yes or you want to wait till we meet 
I'm sure I will like you and I agree to wait 
I will only have a couple hours with you I won't want to leave 
I'm probably going to fall for you 
Yea probably I'd like to make you fall for me 
So you need to text me your address and where I need to park the car and hopefully you can meet me there and we can walk back to your place togeather 
What's your address and where can we meet 
Ok I'll use my gas tomorrow to find you. Fields St what city? 
I already found you on my gps 
I already found that Hardee's on my gps 
You excited 
Of course I am. You still think I'm all talk? 
At least you are being a sweetheart to me. I love sweet the sweeter your are the more loving and affectionate you are the better 
I love it a lot more than you think. So this is the way you normally are now that your not mad at me 
I won't play with you at all I'm yours 
I can't wait to hold you 
Maybe if we can stay together long enough when your able to move out you can move in with me 
Good morning beautiful 
I'm excited 
You at home all day? 
Lol that's my girl. So do I have to wait till 2 or can you like sneak out and meet me earlier or something 
It's ok baby your worth my wait 
Ok baby love you 
Just paying some bills baby 
What's my sweet girl doing? 
I can't wait to see you 
You gonna be nervous when I kiss you 
Can I be there right at 2? 
Then I will have about 2 and a half hours with you 
You still want me deep inside of you or are you going to be too nervous for that 
Ready for what baby 
I'm nervous to but in a different way 
Just knowing that what we're about to do is illegal lol 
You don't care huh lol you just want your new boyfriend inside of you 
Am I going to be your boyfriend after today 
So do I baby 
You do know that I'm a little chubby right?  That doesn't bother you? 
Baby? 
Good :) 
All I'm asking for in gas is 5 bucks 
You busy? 
It's getting close to that time :) 
We are going to be alone the whole time?  No on is due to come home before I leave? 
Awesome I can't wait I'm probably going to leave here at like 20 minutes after 1 to give me enough time to get there 
Black ford escape 
I can't wait baby 
I actually have butterflies in my stomach thinking about you 
Imagine how you will feel with my hands all over your body 
Only an hour left and you will have me 
I'm about to leave in a few minutes 
I'm headed your way baby 
I'll be there in 30 minutes 
Ok 
You don't have to wear lip stick or gloss lol 
We're going to be kissing alot lol it'll just get wiped off 
Lol 
You will look beautiful regardless 
You can't start walking to the store until your mom leave right 
I'm in slocomb 
I'm close if I get there before you I'll just park and wait 
Ok just tell me when ur pulling in 
Ok 
I'm here 
