Hey beautiful I see That we obviously don't no each other Lol and I was thinking just mayyybe we could find some crazy way if changing that like actually having a bit of conversation with each other Doesn't sounds liketo crazy an idea am I right? ''
23
It's on my profile btw lol
No I been single since like jan
But 14 danger wasn't expecting that one lol
But I'm 23 I just don't think you'd be ready for the things I do and places a may go though
For*
Drinking partying dirt road riding beer pong and some other more pricate things I'm not gonna mention because I'm pretty sure you don't no anything about that ..... yet
Hmmm like what have you done provately though
Lol what ya think I mean
Hmmm I'm slot older though by sex is a bit more advanced you mayyyy not be ready for it lol
So you think you could really handle it don't you
Dale country I'm like maybe 30 outside of the abbeville eufuala area
Yeah you need come hangout sometime soon my friends and yours
Erica....?
When are you free? Usually and are the parents cool w you hanging out?
Oh does your friend drive I'm guessing?
So how do y'all go places once you get to her house?
Well danger that sucks I was looking to come get you some time like next weekend or so
I meant *dang
Yeah you've made me very curious.. I've never hangout w somebody so young before or done anything privately with em either.. So it makes me curious about you lol
Drink for one and after that well see were things go just all depends on what your down to go out and doooo
Hmmmm what's all included in that what ever
Hmmmm what about private activities thou
what kind are you down for.. you said anything I'm just trying to see if you really mean anything lol
Come on now it's gotta be be something you wouldn't be comfortable doing?
Come on now it's gotta be something you wouldn't be comfortable doing?
Drinking maybe riding a few dirt roads movies maybe play pool and some beer pong if you bring a friend with you So we could have teams of two... and I would really enjoy spending aloooooot of time just seeing how much you really can handle sexually because I would enjoy pleasure you alllll night
Hmmmm maybe we will see if you can find a friend that's down to come with
I mean you can come by yourself but if your friend doesnt that how are you gonna be able to get out
What's your number btw though? Beautiful
What's your number btw though? Beautiful
What's your number btw though? Beautiful
Erica...?
My bad your message didnt show up for a while for some reason but mine is 
Heyyy it's Josh from meet me 
So anyway though what all have you done sexually I'm just curious 
Like you ever had a guy for down on you It have you ever went down on a guy b4 
Really well I loveeees too 
Yes as long as you shave I don't like a big huge bush down their bu 
t if it's just a bit if hair I can work with that but it's it's lik 
e bald omg I'd sound like 10 minutes eating that thinggg  
Well then I'll be tour first for sure.... ' So you think you any 
good at head though ? 
Yes as long as I get that in return ' 
I want the same thing I'm giving you 
So how about a free sexually pics though..... 
Show me some of photography skills ' 
Huh? 
I meant a few sexy pics lol my bad 
Come babe you gonna meet me for sure and I ant gonna show anybody why would I want other ppl to see something tour sent to me boo That wouldn't make it as special to me then 
No I'm at work calm down chica I work 3 till like 1am and we get very spotty service inside this warehouse But I'm in break for noq 
Now 
Hello....? 
Hey good morning 
So what happened last night tour quite texting back 
*your quit 
Ahh I was gonna call you in my last break that's why I texted tour 
So many times 
Ohhh ok well I cant lie!...... i had a bit of a dream about you last night 
Well we were hanging out and you walked I time my room because you were like i never seen it the while time we've been her and I told my body like yo she wants to see my room and I go in their and it's like nice tv tour dresser looks like you had it awhile then bam sex and I'm like in OK then works for meeee lol Then we are going at it and then your friend get's jealous and next thing I no she in the room and is like oh I want mine licked to So now things are getting kinda interesting and then I just look ever and my buddies in the room eating you out while I'm having sex with your friends I go damn how the he'll you sneak in here...... and then wake up lol like what kinda crazy ish is that 
Yeah that's what I was thinking I was like well damn then she Really ment she's down for anything Haha 
I was just making a joke I already no you would def not be down for all that kinda sex lol 
Lol Waiiiit So you saying you would??. 
I was.meaning like 2 guys tried girls kinds thing 
I was.meaning like 2 guys 2 girls kinda thing 
Oh So you a one on one person  
That's fine with me.....just as long as you can handle it though  
Just the roughness of It and the the length I'm not a have sec for like 5 min and it's ever kinda person I'm a hr or two kinda person and I like be for dirty sweaty and nasty....that is real sex to me 
So whats your Fb btw? 
What is it I can just follow you So I won't shoe up as your friends but I can see tour post and if you following me you could see mine but we won't be actually friends it anything 
Why can't your have followers? 
Oh well you should make it So I can follow you  
Oh well damn boo I wanted to be able to follow you though 
Oh many ppl don't get your number easy 
Aww I feel So special  
You have Skype BTW?? 
Or oovoo? 
Why not?  
I wanna video chat with you boo 
Damn that suckkks  why did they put a pw in your phone 
Wtf really that's gayyy what about thru meet me or fbbbb 
Ohh well send me some pics thru meet me  
How? I mean I just wanna see your beautiful face is all \"\" 
I understand that I'm just asking you to entertain me with a pictures of you is all boo I'll send pics back I mean if ya want 
Joshm0969@gmail.com 
It won't open can you try another?...... And you want me to email you some too? 
I am it shows like it's loading loads and then it's just a blank screen 
Ahhh. I got it that time Looking all fine and shit  
But what are you up too today though 
Drinking me a beer before Work tonight lol and thinking about youuu 
Um yess it makes work funnn loo 
I'm a machine operator 
Sounds hard but its easy as hell like 
Yeah I kinda love my job just a bit I just hate it's at night lol And the pay ant the greatest 
Hey wassup 
Trying to get out to the river but everybody acting like they scared to go today.... lame asses 
Hey What's up 
Dang well shit then  what about later.... 
Like tonight 
I wanna tasttte  lol 
I said I want a taste 
Tasting you of course 
You and that beautiful body of yours and certain parts of it specifically 
I Work alll week It'll be the weekend b4 I'm off again 
That's why I said tonight boo 
Yeah I understand that I guess it's gonna have to be next weekend before we can chill 
Heyy 
So WYd today 
The one that let's you leave goes places with you 
I was thinking about maybe hangingout with you 
Yesss 
Find some were around Hartford and just all of us just and ride around and drink a minute 
Well my mom uses my car sometimes and she gonna have it tonight Nd Tomorrow and my friend will ride out and hangoutwith us but he'd at least want your friends around just to talk to you no laugh with all of us 
Would you be comfortable with my friend being around? 
He's prettying much a light skinned version of me he's black/white 
He's not gonna try anything it's really gonna be like me and you He'd be like...a cab driver lol 
What if we like leave him some were chilling and then it's just us 
for awhile? '' 
What time you going to your friends? 
Hmmm trying to get him to let me use his car to come see you for a bit 
Heyy 
Nothing just got done fishing 
What ya doing boo 
With your friend 
Dang I was gonna come hangout with you today after I drop my friend off in dothan 
No I wanna hangout with you but I no if you at your friends I can just come pic you up boo 
What you think babe ' 
Gonna how about this.....I'll show you better than I can tell ya 
Me and you and something hot and sweaty 
Major you gonna see some action tonight believe that plenty of it 
Whenever I head that way I'll tell ya when to like be trying to get away from the house and like maybe till 10 or 1030 
I'll be leaving around 7 So actually probably like 11 or 12 
Yeah and hangout boo unless you no some where around d we could maybe go? 
Like what? 
What are you thinking about bringing? 
Ask her if you can leave and go you tour friends before I leave 
Whyyyy '''' 
Dammit: / 
I'll try but my friend will probably be with me is the problem agai 
n '' and I no you ant gonna hangout if he around 
I work all weekend that's whining off today and tomorrow's 
Cannn I plzz just bring him babe it ant like he gonna be involved or locking 
Like we gonna havvve or private time but he ant gonna like around for that or anything ya no what I mean 
We r going to drop him off and then have on a litrle alone time and then I'll come I can get him a little later 
I can show ty s better then I can tell ya '' 
I'm just saying no use talk when I can show ya 
Well why don't you show me something  
That body boo 
What you wanna see 
Tell meee what you want I told you already 
Your turn 
Always expect the unexpected nowww were my body pic boo ' 
I meant like with a little more skin showing boo 
Sooo show me something babe 
Come on justttt this once boo 
Yesss 
Hey I'm sorry for not texting back but we got in some trouble with the cops and got fucking arrested before we even left and we got taken down town and everything didn't get away from them rill freaking 11 o'clock they said we fit the description of two guys that robbed some mexican girl 
Erica.....? 
Yeah I no I said the same shit they had to go find somebody that could speak Spanish and then the dude looked at us like we were crazy and finally admitted we didn't no her 
Or him 
I gotta freaken work Friday annnnnd Saturday this weekend which is 
bs because they Key us off during the week  hopefully Sunday 
I no it fucking sucks I damn sure had got ready Yesterday to see you for reels I was ready to see you and cuddle you to ya and do some diiiiirty things to ya naked body 
Yess really and He'll yeah it's gonna be very fun I wish you would show me more though 
Come on I've showed you me so show me you babe 
I no but I did boo because I trust you to not show everybody like you should trust me not to too 
Come on babe I really would like to see that sexy raidient slinder body boo I just wish you would trust me 
Comme on babe I'm practically begging here '' 
And I even sent you a video 
Yes you said no..... 
How did it not? It's like 30 secs...... trust and save it to ya phone and then look at it 
Idk something wrong with your video player it something 
You sure you can't get it....maybe go to you E-mail thru your browser/web and try and play it 
Butttwhat about but pic babe just thisss one time I wanna see what I'm missing out on 
Well damn you fine ass hell Can't blame me for trying 
You are welcome very much I'm just looking fwd to the day I get to see it face to face form myselfff 
Just hope you have for head relaxed and ready  
I hope you have your head relaxed and ready 
Because I'm gonna see justt how good you are at giving head 
I'll be sure to work with and make you great at it '' 
Hey beautiful 
Sohow are we doing today cutie '' 
Yes sadly \"'' 
I nooo I said the same thing \"\" 
Yeah I was but I spend most of yesterday.with my family because they said they don't expect my great aunt to live long so instead of going to the beach for free I went and seen her before she gets in too bad a condition 
Yeah things are Blythe looking well at all sadly but idk all we can do is pray and hope for the best 
Me too ' 
Yes I've been trying like hell but hopefully next weekend if I don't work Saturday night which h old pretty sure I want then I'll get my friend to take me to see you 
You get my email 
Me either But maybe I can get a little something in return to my 
emmmail '' 
I'm doing it first you babe why can't I get just a sneak peek back also 
Why because you think immaterial show ppl or something 
Why would I show your pics to ppl I would feel very special to have sexy pics of you for one I wouldn't want anybody to see anyway I mean damn only person I want seeing your body is meeee and plus I've sent you alot of revealing pics of me so I do t want ppl to see mine I sent them to you just for you just like you would do me baby 
So how was you weekend anyway hopefully you enjoyed it sum Cuzco mine sucked 
Mine was worse than boring I was working 
Yeah but it's Alright though I gotta work Saturday maybe too but Sunday I'm coming so get to setting g thing up if ya can 
Hey baby 
How we doing today beautiful I wish toils would have been up I was up like half the night thinking about you idk I started to call you 
So how was you day though 
Oh that's what's up.....you gonna chill with your friend sunday righhhhht 
I no that what does that have to do with you chilling with her? 
No I'm trying to make sire you gonna be able to see me Sunday babe 
Remember the last time though your mom said you've been going their 
too much and that you couldn't go '\"\"\" 
Lol I didn't get arrested technically I got profiled because I'm black and in a car that clack policy commonly drive lol 
Lol I didn't get arrested technically I got profiled because I'm black and in a car that black ppl commonly drive so they pretty said two black guys yup that's who did it right their lol 
But you gonna be a naughty girl for me right  
Of course I want you too I want you to be very naughty and maybe ev 
en a little camera happy  
Im just saying I'm not camera shy at all ' I like to do things a l 
ittle different that's why I keep saying you just may not be ready 
for what's comming 
Just I get very rough during sex I kinda like to fuck your face and 
make ya deep throat I bite just a bit and I pounds it repeatedly a 
nd when I take it slow I go as deep and as hard as I can loophole t 
o eat vagina esp  And I'm very much into videos and recording 
things make it very interesting and fun '' 
I just don't think you maybe able to handle most if that 
Nothing really except should him one of your pics because he asked how you looked. And then lied and said you were 17 lol 
Then he was like Yeah her or her friend def couldn't handle me and I'm like nigga cause you old as hell lol 
Like 28 he normal messes around with girls like 30+ 
Like 28 he normal messes around with girls like 30+ 
Yeah I'm pretty sure you at defense ready for a guy his age I mean he a grownnn mab 
Man 
Yeah I'm pretty sure you at ready for a guy his age I mean he a grownnn man 
I am but he's older with more exp I think you probably can't even handle me let alone him too lol 
So don't even tell me you think you could? Because I'm pretty surre you def can't 
Se what?.... 
See what? I meant 
Handle both of us?? 
I thought YOU were saying like the two of us that why Ira's like shit I want you to myself lol Now if you turn out to be interested or something then that'd you but before that I want me and you for damn sure I ant the sharing type unless it's with a nother girl lol 
Because you are mine Nd I want you to be alll mine I really don't wanna even no If you are fucking another guy If you are then don't tell me because I wanna feel like I I got you all to myself at least 
What a whole Yeats's you talking about you can handle me hahah 
I probably won't even be able to stick my shit in their lol  
Has it really been a yr???? 
Why so long? And hell why me if you haven't done anything in a yr 
Oh what happened with your ex? Is he the only one you ever been with 
WHY? 
I mean he didn't give you a reason How old was he? 
Damn man now I'm just a bit scared now though 
Because you've been with just One guy your whole life so idk I don't wanna hurt you or anything thou 
You suuuuure you gonna be able to handle all of this though 
Hmmm let me see it and that will tell me alot \"\" 
Hmmm let me see it and that will tell me alot Really \"\" 
I was actually being serious though but I get what your thinking lol But if I seen it like you close though it would tell me alot for real by the side lips and by the hole size and all that would tell me if it's gonna probably be painful foe you are not 
But did you and him have sex alot ?... 
Why did you say omg? 
Like june mid june 
I'm just curious as to what I'm getting Into But sou D's Luke it's 
gonna be tight ' 
That not a bad thing at all I'm just worried it's gonna be too tight and maybe be kinda pain ful for you And if you start hurting I'm pretty sure you not gonna wanna just keep going 
Because I'm happy that's it's gone be type but scared you gonna make me stop because I no it's probably gonna feel so gooood 
Lol like I said I'm a nasty sex partner so you better be readyyy  
So how often do you play with it though Just curious  
Psssh what you think I'm talking abouts  
That pusssy boo is what I'm talking about 
Hmm I bet you sound so loud when you moan huh  
Lol you that loud  
Hellooooo'' 
Hey beautiful 
Yes of course I gotta call my buddy and make sure he gonna leave me the car 
Yes boo 
Like I'm not sure but maybe like 7 or so 
Hey beautiful 
Confuseddd 
Because I got up about 130 today in goshen so yeah I'm verrry confused hungover just lost I would totally put l o l but it ant funny because I'm lost and alone and do t even no who house I'm at 
I really think I'm about to stop drinking 
I mean if you only knew the drunk hungover stories I have and the crazy shit thats done happened you'd think the same 
Idk I'm here with a White chicken named Emily and some black guy named marcus and they said Josh should be here later on so I'm just her with random ppl waiting in the guy I went out with And I'm still confused 
No Josh just got here and now I'm finally about to leave to brundidge but he'll that's still not were I need be in Clio and he said he tired from cutting grass and shit today he gonna rest up then drive me home So drunk me fucks up my plans once agai 
Yeah but can we ta .to night or sometimes today I no it ant gonna make you for seeing me face to face but I'd like to here ya voice 
I swear to you I have ever intention in the world to come see you Do you no how bad I wanna hit that thing boo 
I told ya my car is tore up and I'm having to ride with friends and my buddy Tyrone is the only one that would give me a ride up tour way the rest of em gonna say man she got a friend for me when I say no then they gonna say oh nah I ant going then 
Baby? 
Yeah we do sadly unless I get lucky and get a day off with this week 
But I really reallly do wanna see you though I been horny as hell lately 
It's not excuses it's just how life is right now it's hard to get around to far especially out were you live because most ppl ant gonna take ya anywhere unless they getting something outta the deal 
So an I gonna get to talk to you today..... 
You can't talk on the phone in your room when shes home....? 
She doesn't like you talking on the phone? Why I mean why would she give ya a phone if she ant gonna let ya use it 
So she expects you to not talk to guys or date guys? Does she want ya to be lesbian or something lol 
OK just let me no when because I'm kinda curious just to hear ya voice and how you sound You probably gotta pretty sexy voice 
Damn well we def can't have that so I don't wanna take those chances 
No I woke up all alone and Josh told me I feel asleep in the car after we got back to ole girl house and he didnt even no I came in the house till in the morning The chick and her I guess bf and my buddy all went I side to forget thing 
I'm like what does that mean he like she we had sex she asked me to join in said she wanna do something crazy and I'm like Damn well then I don't have a clue about any of that and he said hell nah boy you was wasted drunk 
Hello...? 
But I haven't had sex since we started talking I wanna save it all 
for you so when I cum I'm gonna cum hard ' 
I'm actually contemplating if I wanna cum in you or not  
Yeah I don't want you to either put it feels so damn good when you cum inside of a woman esp a tight one 
either  
Ohhh I could cum in your mouth that doesn't sound like a bad option 
Yeah I figured that because yourmoms assuming your not having sex 
Do you have bad Fisher reflexes 
I mean *gauge reflexes 
Do you have bad gag reflex 
Check and see lol 
Seeing how far you can take it in your throat 
Yeah or something more penis like like a pickle or banana 
Lol it make you head amazing every guy just about dreams of a chick that can handle it in their throat that shit feels ammmmmazing 
n bam I'm comming and if I happens to get their and you just so hap 
I am coming for damn sure but I got to just wait for the go and the 
pens to be able to take it in ya throat like I'm hoping that's gonn 
a just maximize my sex drive so much I'm gonna be begging to eat yo 
u out ' 
My mouths watering just thinking about the pretty pink thing  
Hey good morning beautiful 
I no I was literally up for about an Hey like damn I need a little dirty talk but I never got it from ya because you passed out So I started fantasizing and masturbating 
Nahhhh I'm just horrrrny lol 
So what are you up to though. 
No but they say we off Saturday though '' 
Yessss 
Heyyyy  
Heyyy 
God I'm just a little excited though '' 
To finally get to see you I'm about to but outta my pants I can't keep my shit from being hard everytime I get a text from you it just jumps up 
Yesss 
I mean not like super early probably around 6 or 7 
You and meee both 
I'm gonna eat that pussy.& beat that thang up till you lose you breath from screaming 
So how are you doing today beautiful 
What's wrong with her 
Oh worse than your mom?? 
Lol I home you don't end you the same lol 
So we still gotta drop my buddy off or can we like tell me to walk 
away and we in have our fun ' 
Hello 
You never Tex Me back 
Babe....? 
Heyy good morning 
Oh OK Well I didn't no but what do you think about my question I asked though And Yeah I did miss talking to you last night 
So we still gotta drop my buddy off or can we like tell him to walk 
away and we have our fun time babe ' 
Do I have to find some where in Hartford to like drop my buddy off at or can we take him with us and then have him give is alone time andhe just go walking thru the woods 
I don't no either I figured you would 
I only forthright Hartford like to go to PCB it to visit my buddy Richie gracey So Idk were would be a place to leave him or have him drink a beer or something rill we come back 
So what do you wanna do babe? 
So I guess he's coming with us. I don't have a problem with him being around I mean hell I've actually had myself recored by somebody while me and somebody else So Yeah it takes alot to get me uncomfortable 
Erica..??? 
Lol no not him the chicks gf did Idk why they thought it be a food idea and then even had a portable camera 
Yeah So I'm just like not a shy sexual person I'll have sec about anywhere lol it makes it more exciting to me because it's dangerous and just different 
Are you busy or something boo 
Oh sooo when will I be able to talk to you?.. 
But your not responding to most mymessages that's why I asked I have to send a repeat or a hello like 45 min later before I get a response 
OK I was just wondering babe and I'm a bit impatient just because I work nights and is pretty busy but during the day I wanna hear from you as much as possible just to talk to ya as much as possible ya no 
Yeah last thing you needa do is get in trouble because I gitttt to finally see you saturday 
Yesss fucking finally 
Yes and hating it butttt tomorrow though in so ready 
Island you just man not be ready for all this  
Can you make it like 7..... 
At 7 
Goood 
Yes 
Like outside of Ozark 
I need an address though also 
The hardees in Hartford? 
Like an get or so maybe 
Almost at hardees 
Gray grande am 
Yes :/ 
