Heyy
How are you? 
I'm good to thanx for asking juss relaxing watching some espn lol and I'm 21.. Lol In Naugatuck
Ohh so that doesn't bother ya that I'm lil older? 
And well what are you up to Hun? Enjoying nice weather today?
Haha well that's good beautiful!  and I was doing lot of yard work earlier mowling the lawn and stuff bored now looking for something else to do it's to nice to stay in :/ lol
Ohh haha niceeee  did ya have fun tho?
Noo I don't sorry I have like kik and stuff tho do you have that?
Lol Kk give me a few
Alright I got it I'll add ya cutie  
Kk you get my message?
Opps left one z out sorry haha
Heyy
Heyy found ya lol what upps
Think I send message to someone wrong earlier lol
Lol yeah prob
So what are you up tooo
I'm out at one of my cousins friends house having a few drinks :p it's the weekend gotta enjoy haha
Soo what are you doing today any other plans?
Few beers and stuff lol does that bother ya? And I'm prob juss gonna be here to nothing really else to do
Idk cutie haha and yeahh it's fun like I'm not drinking to get wasted or anything tho juss to relax and have some fun
Heyy still on sorry my phone died :/
Yeah sorry cutie lol wyd now
Miss me? :p
Of course cutie :*
How could I not lol :)
Lol soo tell me a lil more about yourself beautiful like what you like to do for fun types of musics fav kind of musics ya know things like that :)
Haha of course ya do :p and ehh not a fan of country but if listen to it juss for youu (: haha
Lol :)
Sooo are you single and looking beautiful or juss single juss wondering! ;p
Haha :p I seee well would you say I'm your type beautiful :p
Haha well glad ya think so  beautiful :p you seem cool so far to (:
Hehe (: so what would you say is your type of guy tho beautiful juss wondering :p
Lol :p
Your to cuuute (: hehe
Think you could send me a pic of youu cutie (: I'll send you one of me to if you'd like (:
I will (:
So cuuuute (:
I sent to did you get any of them beautiful?
Two*
How bout now boo?
Ohh okay boo one sec
Okayy I sent it to ya beautiful tell me when ya get it lol
Well I sent it cutie lol
Least I think I sent it right it's *email edited*
Lol hang one
On*
Okay get it it now
Thanx boo :*
Ughh finally homee lol
I was still at my cousins friends house having some drinksind lol
Im home now tho on my bed :p should come cuddle up beautiful bout to put on some Netflix ;) :p
Hmm idk yet boo let's say whatever you'd wanna watch beautiful :* (:
And ik boo :/ wish ya couldd
Oh well lol can you FaceTime out Skype or whatever? :p
Aww :/ oh well
Aww nooo lol
Can't ya stay lil longer cutiee?
Aww :( okayyy then beautiful
Talk to youu tmo (:
Byee Gnightt
Heyy good morningg (:
(: what's up beautiful juss wake up? :p
Lol noooo I was up earlyy I'm out getting some stuff for a barbecue with the family for Mother's Day and youu watcha up too?
Haha me toooo (: and aww well aren't you sweet :p watcha make her?
Ohh yumm lol and sorry I was drivin getting some stuff soo watcha spun for the rest of the day?? (:
Nicee nicee (:
(:
Sorry it's been taking me forever to respond tho cutie I've been running around all over the place :/ lol finnaly starting the barbecue now tho so i can respond quicker :p
Oh pretty much everything lol burgers, hot dogs getting some steaks in there to haha having some drinks with the fam all fun (:
Yupp (: wish ya could be here cutie if cook ya up sowmthing gooood :*
Haha on the grill yess :p but overall hmm I'm kinda ok still learning tho beautiful lol what about youu? (:
Ohh haha nicee (: maybe sometime you can cook for me then cutie :p hehe
Ohh well I loveeee sea food :D but if you can make a lasagna  that's the way to my heart :p hehe
Lol well I love lasagna so I'm down to try any kind :p
Lol you'll get a big kiss as a reward ;) :p haha
Hehe ;) your to cute :p
Hehe :) so what would you say is the best thing you can make?
Yess I doo and aww okayy message me later then beautiful I'll miss ya :p
:)
Heyy I miss ya :/ lol
Heyy youu (:
What's upp cutie how was grandmas house? Lol and I'm just getting ready to go outt and youu
I'm going to the bar lol why are you up too?
Lol yeahh I'll bring ya with me sometime tho if you'd like cutie there pretty lenient to the bae I go to :p
Don't check crap especially if im ordering haha
Yess lol and yeahh it's fun beautiful il show ya good time :) haha whatever you want one mee if I take yaa :p
Hehe yeah :)
Soo wyd cutie?
Still at the bar :p wish you could be here
Me tooooo boo
Lol soo did ya miss me today at all? :p
Of course I did boo even said I did earlier Remeber :p
Baby still up?
Watcha doing baby
I'm hardd as fuckk lol
Meant drubk lol sorry Well not anymore tho hangover is real :(
Lol
Haha yess I did :p
Lol and yess it's fun like just to get drunk for no reason noo but when you got all your Friends having a good time yeah it's funn (:
It iss cutie one day well go :p
Idk somewhere lol
Ik nvr send my pics :/ for some reason when u send it, works tho lol
Oh yay (: and thanx (; hehe :p
Send me another one of youu Hun? (:
Cuuuute (; (:
Welcomee (: soo what are you up to
Ewwy hw :p so u said have no phone right?
Ohh lol :p
Juss wondering cutie lol
Does it have texting? Lol
Well idk :p lol
Where do u use yahoo messaging from then your laptop?
Surprised people still use this tbh lol
Ohh :p
So what else are you doing today any planss?
Hmmm no think I'm just prob going to the gym later and even kinda debating tht lol
I'm so tired :/ juss wanna stay in my bed should come cuddle up cutie watch some movies with me :* lol
Ik :/ that's sucks lol don't even think can really ever pick you up either doubt your parents would be okay since I'm older haha
Haha :p and ohh so she gets home like what 11 that's gotta suck tho you barely see your mom on week days huh
Soo do you get lot of messages on that site we met on? Lol your pretty cuute so bet ya do haha
Oh whaa that's crazy lol weird sure you didn't delete by accident? Lol
Ohhh true could be lol
Well glad met ya before it got deleted lol (:
Me being bored lol
Did it work now? Lol
Wish you could be here cuddling up lonely by myself :p
Laying right here on top ;) :p
Not at all cutie would love it laying right here on top watching a movie with meee ;) would be funn hehe
Come on know you'd like it too ;) haha :)
Haha I'm not saying for you to drive silly I'm saying if you could you would wouldn't ya? :)
And who know id maybe give ya a kiss or two as well ;) :p hehe
Hehe of course I'd want u to and that sounds gooood love kisses :p
Are you a good kisser cutiee? :*
Mmm I see hmm idk have to find out myself tho Gotta give ya a few to try out ya know :p hehe you do have some nice lips give ya tht ;)
How many bfs have you ever had Hun?
Welcomee ;) and ohh I see I see :p
Do you like neck kisses to? ;) ;p
Or have you ever had some? :p
Any*
Ohhh mm good (; cuz those are my favs to hehe
Lovee giving and getting them
They turn me on a lot tho.. You start kissing my neck or I start kissing your neck my hands start to \"wander\" lol
Haha yess and ohh you known like if kissing your neck hands might start wandering around giving your booty few squuezes and stuff or to some other spots :p ;) well long as you wouldn't mind cuz if you didn't want that then I'd keep me under control haha
Them*
Ohh hehe yay ;)
Then I'd be squuezing and giving that booty few slaps :p hehe anywhere they can't go tho lol
A light slap would feel good don't worry :p
Lmao it would be don't worry so anywhere the hands can't wander to thk?
tho* :p
Cuz i said my hands wander silly but i don't want them wandering to anywhere where you wouldn't like it ya know :p :)
Lol okayy
You can't vid chat right?
Ohh lol and hmm your boobs? :p and damn :/
Hehe :) how bout like I'm kissing you and your neck and stuft and start to rub your inner thigh slowly moving it up would you mind that? Hehe
Mmm hehe ;)
:)
Talking bout all this kissing madee really wanna give you some right now :)
Haha (:
Soo you said you had two bfs before what's been the longest relationship you've had?
Aww I'm sry beautiful :/ yeah that's bad cheaters are no good your sweet girl deserve better :*
Me tooo lol
What's the furthest you've ever gone with them before tho.. Well if you don't mind me asking cutie lol
Like just kissing or you know lol
Your really gonna make me say it huh lol I mean like did you guys ever do anything sexual or was it jut kissing haha that's why I said you son have to answer if you don't want to tho
Ohh haha ;) well then
Pretty much the same boo did everything :p
Soo do you like have a fav thing you like to do or like getting done to you? Hehe
Haha nahh that's a yess ;) could tell me then I'll thenn you mine :p
Tell*
Hmm give me a hint! :0
:p*
Haha
Think ik what tho
haha no need to be shy boo but if you don't wanna answer don't have to i was really juss wondering :p :)
Hmm getting eaten out? ;) :p
Haha seeeee ;D I'm goood like that :p hehe
An that's actually one of my favs things to do ;) I'm a giver hehe :p
Mhm it isss boo hmm who know since you love it maybe I'll eat you all upp nice an goood hehe ;) :) :p
No wayy I'm serious I love doing it boo long as your nice and shaved down there hehe I'll eat you all uppp :p ;) finger a lil to hehehe
What that's it's one of my favs things or that I wouldn't eat you out? Lol
And I like it nicee and shaved hehe :p
I would boo I'm serious lol I'm honestly getting lil turned on juss thinking bout it :p bet you taste goood ;) hehe ^__^ eat it all upp lick it and suck it finger it here and there to :p would you like that?
Hehe mmm good
I'm lil turned on right now lol
Now I wanna eat you out grrr :p
Haha what else do you like cutie any fav positions? :p and ohh is that so (; well if I was there I'd be on you kissing you and that neck and slowly sliding my hand down rubbing right between your legs while I'm kissing youu juss sayingg :p
Haha yeah don't let her see :p and I thought she worked right now?
Ohh I see :p
Does she check your convos and stuff boo? :p
Haha goood well maybe one day when she working we ca hang boo then I'll keep my promise eat ya all upp long as ya want hehe
:p
Well find out and then let me know boo :* so what about me tho what do I get? :p
Idk what can I pick? :p
Hmm blowjob
:p
Don't have to if you don't want to hmm handjob? Lol
Hehe mmm yay (; do you like doing that at all boo?
Hehe :p have you ever swallowed? Or would you ever haha
Ohh lol :p do you a have a fav position or anything and if you give me a blowjob and I eat you out were both prob gonna be really hornyy haha should I bring protection just in case lol
Like condom or something? :p
And ohhh so I can pick wooo haha
We couldn't stay at your house if she's not home? And I mean there is my car lol we could go like a quite spot any around there where you live? :p
And ill bring it then :)
That's trueee your right and yess my window are kinda tinted so can't really see through backseat windows lol it's a big car to :*
I ammm boo :) after I eat you get you nice and wett mmm think imma have you sit facing me and ride me on the back seat boo boucing up and down hardd on my dickk ;) :p im so turned on hehe
Let me try again boo one sec
Got this big bulge in my boxers right now cuz thinking bout ya ;) :p it was a pic of that lol
Are you wet at all? :p
I am sending it now boo hehe and mmm good ;)
Okay sent it boo :p
Gonna see how hard I am right now haha
Did ya get it? :p
Hehe like it?
That's what your gonna be getting boo ;) hehe
:) lol
Sooo watcha doingg cutie watcha thinking bout :p
Hehe me to cutie (:
Should be funnn and exciting :p hehe :)
Can't wait to give ya some hugs kisses all that good stuff :p :)
Am I gonna be oldest guy you've ever gotten with boo!? :p
Juss wondering :*
You'll def be the youngest for me :p can I ask something tho I'm pretty big and thick boo I'll show you if you want think you'll be able to handle it are you really tight? :p
Sure you can like see how many fingers you can fit it boo :p that's how you tell lol
An you wanna see?
Nope gotta tell me yes or no ;)
I'm teasing boo lol and one sec ;)
Get it boo? Hehe
Grr lol I will
Okayy sent it :*
Its a lil dark but you can see how thick it is boo let me know what you think hehe ;)
Hehe so guessing you like it? (;
Hehe good all for youu ;) and yess I will be boo (:
Bye see talk to ya in a bit (:
Heyy beautiful :)
I missed ya took ya so long :p
Im just teasing boo :p watcha have for dinner? And a showerr could have invited meeee to join ;) lol :d
Mmm yummy :p and hehe its okayy and suree boo :)
Wanna like talk on the phone or something can I call through yahoo chat lol
It's  boo
Hurry :p wanna hear you to lol
:p lol
Almost got caught :p
Lol did she say anything?
Ohh haha good (; wouldn't want you to get in trouble boo you sound do cute tho love itt can't wait to be kissing ya :* hehe
(: hehe I try I try boo :p and have any more pics of youu I can see?! Your to cuuuute hehe want more
Lol to much workk :p just send me some here or through email boo (: if you have any sexxy ones send those to ;) haha
:)
Come onnnn :p pweesee lol
Do it for meee bae lol
Okayy (:
Where'd ya go boo :p
Ohh everything okay?
Oh okay lol so watcha doing now cutie? :)
Still juss laying down on my bed and talking to you (: fun talking to youu your so cuuute and sweet and fun :*
Imma kiss ya non stop lol :)
:* wish you could be here right now boo
Aww want me to let you go then boo?
Okayy boo :* gnight sweet dreams can't wait to see you and you text me in the morning :* lol (: imma be thinking bout youu
Heyy you morningg (: 
:) what's upp beautiful?? 
Ohh that's fun lol what class? And I'm at workk :/ have been since 4am im so tired ughh :/ haha 
Lol yeahh :/ I'm so tired can't wait to go home ughh 3 more hours tho and nicee art was pretty cool I could nvr draw to save my life tho haha 
And it's just once a week out store gets shipment of new products and the delivery just happens to be really early and someone needs to be here to help unload and stock the store up lucky me huh :p lol 
I know so happyy :) lol and my schedule is all over the place pretty muh changes from week to week like ik tmo I'm working at 5 and then 5 again Thursday Friday and the weekend I'm off (: 
No 5pm lol and get out 9:15ishh 
Haha oh yeah what time you usually get out of school? :) 
Nicee nicee I'll be home by then prob chilling on my couch relaxing haha wanna maybe talk on the phone a lil again today beautiful? (: 
Ohh okay :/ oh well it's okayy then (: 
Lol it's ok :p soo how's school going? :) 
Aww I'm sowwy :p lol 
Woo finally homee soo tired :/ lol 
Lol hmm idk prob not boo and then if I did to wouldn't be able to talk to you more when your home :p 
Hehe :* I missed ya was thinking bout ya :) miss me at all? :p 
Hehe yay :* :) 
Your getting out soon right?? 
Niceee gonna be doing anything today? Or juss chilling boo? :) lol 
Yess it's pretty good out :) and def enjoy it cutie cuz after today supposed to be cloudy and rainy pretty much up till Saturday :/ lol 
Yeahh :/ I was just checking the weather and that what it was sayingg 
Sooo I'm bored :/ lol 
Lol I'm juss sitting outside now listening to some music relaxing welcome to join me boo :) haha you go on your bike ride yet? 
Me too would have had sit right here on my lap and chill with me :* hehe and wish I had a bike i miss riding it lol 
Youd get some kisses to :* hehe and just cuz I don't have money for one right now :/ ill get another one, one day tho lol :) 
What kind of bike do you have? :) 
Cool cool :) 
I'm like hungry to but have no idea what I want to eat... The struggle lol :p 
Yumm! Making some for me to tightt :p :) lol jk jk 
Rightt* 
Hehe :p 
Soo how's your bike ride? :) 
ok boo :) 
Heyy cutiee (:
Watcha doingg
Lol :p funny how we both asked almost same time and I'm juss chilling in my room now no till I go to the gym later have fun on your bike ride? (: do you go on trails and stuff??
Haha nicee :) well i like that tho you stay active no wonder you keep such a nice lil bodyy ;) hehe :p
Hehe big plus :p and hmmm what? :)
Ohh niceee :D
What's wrong boo? :/
Idk you just put yaaa... Lol
But anywayss hmm so think we can hang tmo then so can finnaly give ya lots of kisses :* hehe
Hehe ready to get eaten out like I promised yaaa?? ;) haha
Mmm good (; hehe how often do you shave down there juss wondering? :p
And I'm positive boo :)
And haha ok well how is it right now then nice and smooth? ;)
Hehe okay boo :) I'm excited like do you moan loud at all? :p
And can i make a suggestion? Lol
Do you ever wear skirts boo?
Maybe should wear one might make it lil Easier ill just lay you down spread those legs pull those panties out and eat you upp ;) while not fully taking your skirt off tho ya know :p
Down*
Hehe okay :p and where would you want me to pick you upp like at your house or you want me to pick you up from another spot lol
Nooo but I have gps on my phone boo I'll just look it up :) and sounds gooood now do you know like quite spot we can go to? Where we would get no interruption :p
Haha truee :p
Positive boo :* my like back windows are tinted (:
lol like only if you press your face up against the window or get really close you'll see something but even then it fully and besides If it's a quite spot won't have to worry bout that boo :p
But I'll do it whatever makes you comfortable <3
:)
It's ford Explorer silver and well you'll have your phone on you right I can just call you :p
When I'm there lol
Ohh okayy I'll do (: that then boo hmm when do you usually get home not get out if school actually get home tho
Cuz I have work at 5 tmo :/ but wanna least get to spend and hour or two with youu so like should I be there 2:30? Can meet me right after your home? :p
Sound good boo :*
Hehe me too boo :* excited and nervous as well more excited tho to give ya some kisses :* on those lips that neck all over ;) :)
Hehe watcha most excited for? :p
Haha sureee ;)
Can I ask you tho when was the last time you did anything with a guy boo? Juss wondering lol and to give those lips some kisses and get to eat you all upp hehe told you I like doing that bet you taste goood ;)
Hehe yea know you like that ;) soo yesterday you said I was a lot bigger than your ex but by like how much? :p haha I'm curios
;)
Think you can take sitting facing me on my map riding up and down on  that boo?? Hehe :D
Lap*
Hehe mmm good cuz Ik imma get really hardd and stuff so don't forget to remind me to bring a condom :p or two ;) haha
Lol no I understand boo don't want you getting pregnant or anything don't worry :p
Ik boo I'll bring it no worries (:
Hehe :)
Ik :/ lol one sec I'll send it on your email boo
Okayy was sent tell me what yay think!! Hehe ;)
Ya*
Well glad ya like it boo ;) hehe
Have any hott ones of youu I can see boo? :p
Have you ever sent pics I mean like the one I sent you yesterday? :p
Oh yeahh truee :/ how do you take your pics then boo? Use digital camera?
And I kinda wanted oneee :/ tbh lol
It's okayy cutie :* :) and I seee I see :p
I'll just get a good look when we hang then ;) :p
:)
Soo watcha doing now boo?
Hmm I think so sound familiar lol what's it about?
Ohhh that guy :p yeah I've seen some of his vids lol pretty funny :) haha
Any other funny vids? (:
Aww okay boo I'm gonna be going to the gym to anyways but I'll be on later to (:
Make me some dinner as well :p hehe
Yayy :* you'll get a reward :p hehe alrighty well go make dinner and stuff then boo I'll ttyl I'll be thinking bout ya <3
Heyy you (:
What's upp (:
Funny cuz I just got back home from the gym was bout to check if ya messaged :p how was dinner and all that (: lol
Yupp lol and well that's good (: and heyy for some reason your profile pic isn't showing anymore lol you take it out?
Swear boo on mine it's not showing up lol
I'll send you screenshot lol
I'll send you screenshot lol
Lol try putting up diff pic or something it looks so weird haha and yeah could try that tooo
Lol well do the log off thing then :p
Okayy it's back now lol
Lol yahoo sucks so much :p
Idk it might just be the app that sucks or something who knows lol soo anyways leave me any dinner boo? :p
Lol I'm teasing boo don't have to :p watcha make tho spaghetti? (:
Mmm Garlic bread well maybe I wouldn't mind some of that :p
Lol :)
Lol I love itt (:
Still nervous for tmo boo? Lol (:
It's okayy I am a lil to lol :p
Will be okay tho promise I don't bite (: less you want me to (; haha :p
I try I try boo :) hehe and going to sleep now beautiful?
Aww :(
Lol jk jk :p
Well okayy gnight boo I'll message ya in the morning say good morning muahh :* sweet dreams can't wait to see ya
:)<3
Heyy youu morningg (: 
Forget bout me? :/ lol :p 
Lol it's okayy :p 
How'd you do on your quiz?? 
I was jut having breakfast lol and that's good, good job :p what about you what you doing? (: 
Sounds like so much fun :p 
Haha :p 
Soo are u still excited boo? :p 
But of coursee ;) :) how couldn't I be :p 
I'm out getting that \"thing\" right now actually :p then gonna go home and shower (: lol 
Hehe You know What I asked you to remind me not to forget :p lol 
Lol not at all :p so watcha wear today boo the skirt maybe? ;) hehe :)) 
Mmm i might like that ;) :p hehe 
:)) hehe 
Hmm well I have work at 5 so prop like 4:00-4:15 ish that good? 
:) btw so did you shave last night? :p hehe 
Yummy hehe :p 
Ughhhhh I'm so so pissed now :/ ... 
Cuz my manager just called me asked me to come in earlier at 4 instead of 5.. Now if I go I can only see you for like half hour before I have to go :'( I'm so mad boo was so looking forward to today :/ 
Ik boo but wanted to spend it lil more with youu :/ like least hour and Half is your mom working anyother days this week? 
Okay boo then you don't have to change ok I'll leave In a bit :) 
And I'm going in my work clothes ok since I have to go straight there after alright hope you don't mind lol 
I'm sure boo don't worry save as much time as we can :p :* 
:)) 
Yup :) 
R u there boo? 
