hi
u there
my name is cory
are you from san diego
i'm 21 sweetie i love being with young active people that love to hang out and 
i'm from chula vista you
?
are you busy tonight would you like to see a movie or something 
what is your name sweetie 
it's so beautiful 
what about you asl
yea you like the movies and the beach and what music you like 
i'm looking for a date to take to the movies tonight would you be interested or just someone to cuddle with in my car at the beach, i can pick you up and i'll pay for everything no worries 
i love to kiss and cuddle like teddy bears 
lol
u like to
you can never practive enough 
lol
>:D<:-*
lol
sure we can talk for as long as you want i'm super nice i'm originally from georgia
i'm a southern type guy laid back fun and affecionate lol
so you are free tonight what city are you in i'm in chula vista
yeah what city oceanside 
awww, that's mean mami 
lol
it's okay though i understand so ask me questions to make you like me!!
i know baby, lol 
ask me things so you can get to know me honey
i want to see you tonight so ask whatever you need to in order to feel like friends and be comfortable 
lol
i work for a computer company in san diego
it's fun i drive around all day i eat at the mall for lunch mon-fri, lol
in la jolla
i have a great car a 4-door nissan sport it's fast and pretty so i love it
i have an apartment in chula vista
all i missing in a sweetheart to share my love with  a girl to romance and kiss and cuddle that is what i want to do tonight and i hope you can be my superwoman!! awww 
>:D<
ask me more 
anything you want honey i like talking with you
i have had several but i'm picky and i know what i like some girls cheated on me some had to move away to work in other states so they just didnt' work out 
but i'm really sweet i've never had a bad girlfriend i'm just single now 
yes i have many girls that are my friends but there is something i like about you in particular so i want to be with you and find out how big your heart is i already know i'm attracted to you physically i want to know about what's on your inside of your heart 
what other questions do you have baby
keep asking i like talking with you
!
what do you want to do when you graduate?
why i that, can you tell me what city you are in how many miles from san diego
well if you are worth the drive which i think you are then i have no problem i've been or LA to be with girls before 
i think you are worth it so far! u know
so your worth the gas money 
do you have a phone number or do we have to talk on here
?
ok
no i'm here honey
so you like me so far sweetie
i think i am the sweetest person in the world 
i'm a super good friend i pride myself on never lying to my girlfriends
if you love me and hold me and be with me i will love you forever and never hurt you ever i like to make people happy and smile 
if your smiling and happy so am i!
yes, depends on how close you live to me
can you give me an address so i can mapquest and see how many minutes you are
if i know how close then i know how much time we can spend together sweetie
if your close then we can do lots of things together sweetie
aww, really, it's ok honey some people might say bye now but i really like you and think you are worth the drive ok hope you realize how big of an effort it will be to see each other
would you want a relationship then 
i do 
i like you so much i wish you could drive and meet me halfway u know 
no it's just an hour drive
i need an exact address and i'll tell you how far
what is your mailing address
no sweetie
i'm really serious honey i want a girlfriend
i want to be with you tonight if you can meet me how long can you be out of your house are your parents strict
can you tell them your studying at a friends house
lol 
who is there
your dad
how long is your mom gone for baby
where did see go
oh yea do you have any animals or anything, lol
to keep you company
awwww, yeah i hope you enjoy our talk and will let me come over i'm ready as soon as you want me to be with you i want you to be comfortable of course so ask me anything you need to ok 
then i'll come over and keep you company i can stay until sunday if you want no pressure 
i want to just be with you and i would be sooo happy honey i like to just chill we can go see a movie, or go to the beach, my favortie thing to do with my girlfriend is to rent new movies and watch them at home and cuddle and makeout i hope you like to be affecionate kiss and cuddle it is so much fun with a hot person i like doing that so much 
just holding you close and loveing you
ok but we can do whatever you want 
awww, we are made in heaven for each other then!
i think you will be a great girlfriend to me i want to be with you so bad
:">
yes i want you to ask me anything else you want then as soon as your ready give me directions and i will come right now to be with you and claim you as my girlfriend tonight!
we can have so much fun together
when is your mom coming home honey what day
oh i have to come back to san diego sunday night so it's no problem i will be gone before she gets there
i work on monday
but we can spend all tonight and tomorrow together in each other's arms that would be my dream
i work with computers i make a lot of money and i love my job
i get to drive around all day to the beach and mall
and i get paid for it
!!!
yea it's fun!!
i wouldnt' do it if it wasn't
lo
lol
all types only new ones, lol i like comedy for sure i like girl flicks drama mixed with comedy
some action like the rock
and stuff....
what u like sweetie
?
cool
i'll go get us some when i come up there we can go pick some out and blockbuster or something ok
and we can relax kick back and chill at home 
just me and you together as one !!
tell me do you have any photos so i know what you look like
u have more of your full body not just face
or more of your face
describe yourself in words to me !! make it exciting lol yeah send them to me now blaggca@yahoo.com
i'll send you some back and stuff ok
!!
i love taking photos and looking at them
so much fun
lol are you sending me photos now on email
i can't wait
!!
that's so adorable your the perfect size i like athletic girl do you like to work out run and stay in shape
i'm seeing now wait baby
awww your the most adorable and prettyiest woman ever!! i like you a lot i send you 2 photos also ok the second one is with my last girlfriend she was so pretty also that is how i look when we cuddle so cute huh!!!!
your very welcome your are so pretty to me
did you get my photo
:x ok enjoy honey, lol i'm much cuter in person i think, lol
that is my former girlfriend she is back in brazil now she is so pretty isn't she i like sexy girls!!
she was so sweet to me but she had to move back
and i couldnt' go with her we are still friends
but i'm single now and i need another girlfriend to comfort me 
thankyou i think she was too
awww, thankyou so much baby i work hard to stay in shape i have flat stomach and i eat good, well sometimes!! haha
we could be the hottest couple in *city edited*!!
awww
hey honey i have to fix dinner for my room mate now can i have your address to your house so i can mapquest the directions and ask you to see if they are rigth i can come over when i'm done eating we can talk for a little while longer ok
i can't wait to hold you in my arms!!
your so sweet
i just wanted to get them now so i can prepare while i'm eating how i'm going to drive there the quickest you know then i'll come back online to tell you i'm on the way can you do that for me 
do you know the address
yea sure
unless you want to do something else
don't worry i'll clean my mess and no parties 
your mom won't know i was there i promise
if your worried about that
no worries she won't i'm really respectable
awww, it's my favorite
don't tempt me, lol
i'm so jealous
haha
i'll want to live there, lol
ok, that would be a blast
we can watch movies play in the hot tub and just get to know each other ok!!
we can do anything u want...i don't know how shy you are honey
like i said cuddling is my favorite thing to do i like to kiss hug and anything else as long as your comfortable
!!
suprise!! i'll tell you when i get there, lol u know what!! but like i said i respect you and it's your choice totally
we are both hot 
and attractive so
whatever happens is our decision and between only us!
lol, awww
i like you a lot i will only do what you want sweetie
tell me what you would like it seems like you want to do something else with me
if so just say so i don't mind
u want me to say it first, lol, i'm not shy honey you can say what you feel
please feel open with me we will be b/f g/f so you can tell me all your feelings
ok
lol i'm not shy at all i'm respectable i have manners but at the same time i am affecionate and i loved to be loved and make love ok
yes, i want to respect you honey you are going to be my girlfriend after all let's just leave it at this i'm really attracted to you and when we get together nothing is impossible ok i'm saying when we get in the hot tub we can make love no problem, i would love that!!
you happy now, lol
awww
i want to make you happy whether we just kiss or make out it's up to you! 
i want to make love to you sure i'm a guy, lol and we are both very pretty so 
it would be so much fun
are you a virgin just so i know 
no it's not bad
i still like you
i had sex for the first time when i was 12 girls usually wait 1 or 2 more years the thing i knew is that when i wanted this very pretty girl we were g/f and b/f and i did it with her and i am so happy i did
but it's your choice and i want you to be happy so we can meet and if you feel a strong attraction i'd love to makeout no pressure though
ok
thankyou for letting me know, i am curious though when we get in the hot tub and we are both turned on are you willing to makeout tonight, i would love to be your first i am very gentle and careful with you it's up to you
just let me know so i can prepare
ok
it's the perfect time for you you have the house to yourself and we could take our time and fall in love
i reallllly have to cook now, lol i don't want to stop talking with you
can i get the directions please
so i can cook and prepare how to get there
yes 
:x
are you back baby just send me the address when you get back the street name the city and zip code and a close landmark and the color of the house so i can for sure find it please baby
the house number too
this food i'm cookin smells mmmm mmm good, lol
it's ok
yes i am 
i am sensitive myself
yes i will sweetheart, i have something most girls don't get to do also i have chocalate flavored condoms i only have 2 left i will use them for you
yes, only if you want to give a blowjob it taste like chocalate do you know what i mean
if not we can talk later tonight about it ok
ok, thankyou i trust you as well
ok sounds great we have a plan now 
ok all i need is the address then so i can take a shower and get my clothes ready ok
i'm ready to be your man
yes thankyou
i'll look now and tell you how long it will take me ok
the e is for east
tell me is this right i go *directions to kid's addy* and i have a green nissan altima is has chrome wheels and tinted windows you can't miss it it's very pretty, where should i park and what color is your house what does it look like
i can be there by 745pm if the traffic isnt' bad ok
how many rooms fence or no trees?
is the number of the house visible from the street
?
mailbox?
cars?
ok sure it's not for permitted cars
what does your neirbors house look like
i want to make sure i can find it
what about the house number is it visitble from the street baby
?
see if the house number is visible
ok
*house number*
how many windows
green color i got it
lol
hey hopefully there is no traffic if not i can be there by 745 ok, if there is traffic may be as late as 9 or 10 hopefully not wait on me ok dont' fall asleep, lol
i'm going to get ready ok, can you do me a favor baby
well first tell me can i stay the night you dont' mind
so i dont' have to drive home sleepy
i'm sorry to impose
thankyou so much your so sweet
ok expect me as early as 8pm and as late as 10 ok 
it sucks so much i'm in between cell companies so i don't if you have a house number i can call you if i get lose though
on a pay phone
ok
do you
u have house phone
your cell
green altima i described in above if you read ok
you can't miss it it's pretty 
dark windows and chrome wheels
yea i'll take you for a ride no worry ok
just something else to do
!!
ok i have to go the sooner i go the sooner you can hold me in your arms ok!!
awww
that's your house number baby
?
can i call that number if i get lost
?
yes i'm coming now awww i'm so excited to be with my new girlfriend wow so excited
!!!!!
your the best
thankyou for all of this
i'm leaving now see you soon babygurl
>:D<
bye
