hello
how are u tonday?
wow...that makes the biggest age difference I have ahd then... :(
I am 43
thats cool...I have slept with guys that were younger too. What are you dooing this Xmas eve?
waiting for Santa?? I would be!
I used to love christmas
The butterflies in the stomach.,...
anxiety....damn man....
So what are you hoping Santa brings you ?
of course...just a reference
cool...u mean if you had a webcam, u would c2c with me??
i dunno, cuz it is kinda pervish to have a guy 30 years older than you chatting let alone seeing...
but I am not complaining
lol
ok then what??
i dont understand
ok
I want Santa to bring me a younger Latino boy to play with.
hehe
really? lol see I said that and I didnt know u were...so there ... :P
well not so spooky to those that know me...I have lusted for young latin bois since I was a young boy! LOL
yes!
u mean how old was the youngest latino boy I was with?
if I tell you, will u tell me something personal about u? Like how big your dick is? :)
he was actually 13...I was 37
so if u are 13, have u ever fooled around with other guys?
ever had your dick sucked on
oh man...I remember doing that too...
I remember praying for a dare to .....
it was the only way i could play with another guys dick and it be ok...
I totally know what u are feeling
next time dare to \"put you rmouth on my...\" with him...try it
LOL yep
have u ever thought about sucking dick too? or just getting yours sucked?
not in truth or dare...cuz u will darehim to do something that he will obviously choose over the dick suck part...but
that will put the thought in his and he may then dare you
and you could \"chicken out\" and have to suck his.
lol
lol
yeah
anything that will let me suck some one's dick I like
hey U got any pics?
yes
i will go on there
same name
hi  
:-P
oh...ok 
brb 
cool pics 
http://www.lustfulsucker.com/gg.htm <--- my pics 
nah...hobby...I have several websites I work on... 
http://www.  undiefreak  .com is my site just fo underwear 
I love underwear 
U wear briefs? boxers? boxerbriefgs?
i love to see guys in their undies... 
sometimes is more exciting than nude 
I like to play with a guys dick thru his undies...tease him 
seriously 
I love briefs best.... 
yep. I wore briefs until jr high school, then switched to boxers
I hated boxers then and I wont wear them now...very uncomfortable, but I love to see bois in them 
sk8rs or homies or 
i love seeing underwear and slipping my hand up the leg of a guys boxers is hot 
so how come u are on the puter? where is the rest of the family? 
arent they gonna notice u are away? 
ok...cool 
I wish it wasnt so nasty to talk about sex stuff with young guys... I would love to chat with you but ..... what do u think? 
:( 
MASS 
8-) 
ok cool 
would u ever let a guy my age suck you off? I mean it may be better to do that with an older guy first so u can know what to expect 
and by the way you will cum so fast that it wont matter... 
:) 
yes you will be soooo excited and anxious that u will shoot your load real fast...BUT you will be ready to do it again real fast.,.. 
just like when u jerk off 
sure 
but obviously that would need to be on the dl 
you dont want your mom or gramma to know, and I dont want the police to know.. LOL 
what do u think u would rather do first..... suck a dick, or be sucked? 
ok...I will volunteer 
if u twist my arm 
lol 
are u cut or uncut? 
no, that is normal....I felt the same way in high school.... 
I was paranoid of being called a fag 
plus it is so hard to take PE...and smell and see the other guys 
by the time I was in 10th grade someone called me a fag 
then lots did.. 
I dont even konw how or why 
so yes it sucks...and it gives u a low self opinion of your self... 
dont think things like that ..PLEASe....cuz they get harder and harder to get over the older u get; 
U know eventually it will be ok...maybe that is 7 years away, but it will hapen 
LOL 28 
and I regret missing out on some fun times in my teens and 20s!!! 
that is why I like boys....I wasnt able to play with them when I was that age, and so now I want to play with them (that age) LOL 
I thought my family would disown me....kick me out...I would have no where to go 
but once u are not in school anymore, u dont worry about who calls u a fag, if they even do 
Greg 
Ryan, seriously...I would love to be one of the first guys to suck you....but more importantly...if you have questions or are curious about things...I dont mind you asking me....please if you have no other place to turn, I will help...It sucks to feel so all alone...I remember 
;) 
but I do wanna do other stuff too 
just take everything at your own pace... 
and if u dont wanna do something, dont do it...U are in charge of your life and body 
so if u want to feel what it feels like to get head...or want to know what a top or bottom is...I will be an email away 
sure 
where do u live again anyway 
San Dimas 
why kewl...U think we would meet sometime? that is kinda scary 
but I wanna 
just be careful with that term...that means that you want to fuck 
u may give someone the wrong impression 
well it does in the \"older\" sense.... 
it basically means that you were made to cum by another guy or vice versa 
do u cum a lot when you jack off? 
but it sure feels good doesnt it?! 
and u know what? 
it feels even more intense and good when someone else makes it happen to you....and you dont. 
when I was your age I would go for weeks at a time where I would do it 5 times or more a day 
i would do it so often that my balls would ache 
look at it like this..... 
Jacking yourself off = 5 
Someone else jacking you off = 7 
someone sucking you off = 9 
cumming from fucking = 10 
lol 
hell when u are ready to try even that, I will let you do that so U can learn and that way when u meet guys your age, you will be cool and know what u are doing. 
lol 
sure 
why not? 
u know when u start doing that, it is more important to last a longer time than it is to know what u are doing like a pro 
stamina is most important 
:) unfortuneately by practicing...... LOL isnt that a shame to have to keep on practicing so much. 
lol 
oh yeah, and dont think for a minute that your mom doesnt know u j/o or how often. 
the do! 
yep 
nature....history repeats.... 
it is still gonna be embarrassing the first time she catches you doin it 
lol 
there ya go 
she was as embarrassed as u 
lol 
where do u usually jerk off 
at night? 
what do u do with the mess? dirty clothes? kleenex 
ok...i was gonna give u a j/o tip 
lol 
A0 use kleenex and be sure to flush it in the morning....OR 
the one I loved best...was socks 
u ever j/o with a sock 
take a sock (dirty like from the ones u wore that day) 
slip it over and down your hard cock. 
then jerk it off....your cock will feel thicker from the sock.,...when you cum you dont have to worry about shooting or mess...it all goes in and stays in the sock 
then after....as u pull it off, wipe up....then throw it in the laundry 
yeah they usually do... 
that is how theyy know for sure u are jerkin.... 
they find crusted socks 
lol 
but another advantage is 
that if you do it late at night and then fall asleep after u cum before cleening up, the sock is on there and u dont make any mess in the bed 
oh then just wait 
those are some of the best orgqasms 
where u are tired and exhausted.,..and then you stroke and stroke and you swear your hand will fall off....and when u finally cum, you are so exhausted that you rest just a bit and then fall asleep 
that is what is meant by \"spent\" 
ok 
have a great xmas ryan 
i am on gay.com more than here 
I buddy listed u 
:) 
bye buddy 
hi Ryan...how are u? 
I am ok too. But dreading going in to work 
:( 
You know...there are a lot of things in life you have to do that you may not want to, huh? 
school...then work... :) 
i will be on later tonight 
and I need to get going anyway... 
I will chat with you later then Ryan...have a good day 
;-)
hi bud 
just got home....u? 
that is pretty normal nowadays 
nah...i'm cool 
so what did u do today? 
that isnt good bud....U should get outside and do other stuff too...the computers will get you all introuble.....they turn you into geeks or nerds... 
and u eat too much and less exercise so they help make you fat too 
not to mention the perverts that are lurking 
sorry to hear that 
which mall u go to?? 
left with no ride 
must be closeby then huh? :) 
I do not like the Ontario one at all. too damn many people... 
I work VERY close to the ONtario mall 
i have only been to that one 1 time 
most all malls are 
I dont like malls that are mostly outlet stores and discounts....attracts too many mexicans and 
shit I didnt mean to say that 
oops 
I meant trash and hoodlums 
but that can be synono mous too
lol 
white....brown.....wet....all trash 
ok 
hi man....how are u doin 
good thanks 
just getting ready to go out for a few hours 
whatcha up to this afternoon? 
hey the day aint over yet 
hey... i am hungry ...damn i didnt realize it was already this late 
did u eat lunch yet bud? 
oh? i didnt know anything about a time...... 
well i am hungry so we are definitely gonna grab a bite 
u got a mc d's around ur place?
i would too 
lol 
u want me to give u a call then? 
nah cuz the bf doesnt give our number out for the same reason 
like i told u the other time we chatted...i know what u mean, and i know how u feel...so its cool... 
i was exactly the same way 
well the thing is that the place i gotta go is out near ontario mills...so i was thinking that we could call u when we were out there cuz then it is close enough to stop by 
bout 3..maybe 4 
up to u but i think it would be better later, that way we can let u know what time and stuf.....if u want we can call now too so u dont get weirded out or anything 
hey...the bf just told me that u already gave him ur addy 
dude u live in a nice area...all new houses 
u guess? u are a lot luckier than a lot of guys 
sorry....i am embarrassed to ask u this again.....I forgot ur name 
:( 
;) 
I knew u had said Ryan..that is why when I saw ur profile, i wondered.... 
yeah i got ur number....what made u give it up all of a sudden like that? 
last i remembered u said nah...so i figgured ok... 
i need a lot of things but that doesnt mean i get them....same for u i bet 
i would like to talk with you. I want to help any guy that has to go thru school gay and in secret 
it sucks and if i can help it be a little better that is cool and i am glad 
do not worry i will never call you again after today...u wont need to worry about it 
lol u know what i meantl....yeah that 
u never sent me your other pic u had...u sent one, but do i get to see the other? 
or do i need to take one of u myself! ? LOL 
i hate mine too 
sure i will take pics for u 
any kind u want..just remember. 
dont do anything u really dont want to do, and never let anyone talk u into something 
it is very easy to find danger that way 
i want to come and meet you now, but th truth is 
I am scared to 
u know why 
yes, but I dont wanna go to jail 
and I dont have a problem meeting with you just to talk about the shit u got thru...but even that is not a good idea....BUT 
I wouldnt mind taking some pics of you however u want them, watching some porn, and well u know where that goes....i sure wouldnt mind that either. :) 
lol 
did u spend the night jerking off or what? whata u mean couldnt sleep? 
ok...here it is Ryan...we would love to meet you...but if we come out there, we will have to meet you somewhere besides your house first. 
for our safety and yours 
i mean there is nothing wrong with meeting up for a coke or burger or swomething and chatting it up....then we can move on from there 
yes really...L) 
oh yeah that is rite...i forgot 
yeah stay there 
nah...it isnt that...think about this....what will your neighbors say? They know ur ma is in vegas, and then a car parks and 2 men go in the house? that would be suspicious, wouldnt it 
they would say something to your mom 
forget the fact that you could be a sting and have police there to arrest \"perverts\" who come to visit boys...what will the neighbors say?
either am i 
so u arent a member of any law enforcement agency? 
well we can come over as soon as the damn bf takes a shower 
lol 
hey 
did u ever see your dad naked? 
lol just curious 
so u ever see ur dad? 
that is too bad bud 
I am sorry to hear that....my father was never around either 
lol 
hey that pic of u is cute dammit..the one where u are squinting 
lol 
i have done that 
so how do u want me to take pics of u? like those...just face? or sitting? standing? posing? 
naked? LOL j/k
jinx 
well however u want that is cool 
u can take some of me too 
a nekkid old hairy man 
lol 
why i am old...i am hairy...i am nice...i could be nekkid 
lol 
so u have a dvd player or vhs? 
true 
modern boy 
so how do u know what kind of porn u would like 
ok 
we better get going then if we are gonna get everything done and meet 
u need or want anything we can bring? 
sure 
whatcha want 
lol..bad boy! 
yeah but.....lol 
ok ryan we gotta go...will call u in like an hour 
planning on being around there bout 3 
that i dunno...could be in my truck or the bf's truck or my car...lol will let u know when we call...ok 
ok...bye for now 
hi
u sure u arent hungry and want something.. 
no worries...whatcha feel like? just ask...really no problem 
ok..that is cool...hell that way i can get the xlarge coke instead of stopping by the store.. lol 
u want us to call...or u want us to just come over? 
cool cool 
is there a mc donalds near your house.. 
will stop and pick up some burgers and be right over 
ok cool wendys it is 
can be there bout 4:15 
u gonna be online? 
or does ur phone work at the same time 
ok...cool...i am gonna set mine to download a bunch of stuff while i am gone so... 
see u in 30 mins 
:) ciao 
hey ryan....you there? 
? 
:( 
yeah...come get ur burger 
:)\ 
the bf says no way...u gotta come out here first...that way u can help carry the food and u can be sure u are ok with us being here 
and we would feel better ...safer if u were outside first...kinda scary for us to walk into an unknown like that 
nope...we left 
i told u this is a scary thing for us...and any weird or funny things and we are outta there... 
that was weird..u wouldnt come out...u wanted us in? ur computer has trouble? 
u gotta be outside and u gotta invite us in then...cuz otherwise it is funny 
besides need help carrying the drinks and food 
ok... we'll chat again later 
let me talk it over with the bf 
arent you afraid anyway too? 
i just would be if i were u 
lots of people sound like nice gusy 
so...we will come by, and chat while eating burgers 
well theres no harm in meeting and eating in the driveway with ya 
ok 
come out 
how ok we are here 
come out and meet us here and help carry the stuff
