hey i saw ur ad on craigslist how r u doing?
ur 14 year old? im bored too
well im way too old cuz im 30 but i can talk to u and be ur friend
what do u mean 30 isnt old? and what exactly r u looking for with ur ad in craigslist?
ok so what do u do for fun?
can u elaborate on that cuz being 30 and a military vet i know of a lot that wont kill a person
i saw on ur ad it said ur near santa maria. what town r u in cuz i live near santa maria too in a small town called casmalia
what r u thinking about doing just cuz ur bored and it seems fun and wont kill u
ok give me some ideas on what u like to do for fun and i can give u ideas on a few places to go cuz the way u put it says u will do anything as long as it doesnt kill u
How late do you stay up?
what r u thinking me and u can do for fun that wont kill u? cuz i know a few things but they r more grown up than anything
what some grown ups do like me is we take a friend up to the cross which is a pretty good hike then we see what happens
idk i have always taken the hike alone, but from what i hear there is some romance that happens but idk yet cuz ive never taken anyone up there. im curious what do u look like?
im 5'8\" dark blonde hair and my eyes change color   can u send a pic or 2 and if u can i can do the same
ok i justt didnt check for an attachment but i got it. this is what i look like. what do u think?
i hear that alot, but what other kind of things do u do for fun?
sounds fun i just got done coaching baseball at my churches mega sports camp and the pic u sent me looks a little old so whene was that pic taken
can u send something more recent and send it too me and im curious when u broke into motels to use the pool what would u swim in?
since ur here now u can go to the beaches and swim for free and not have to worry, but whene ever i broke into the motels for the pools i would be what they call skinny dipping cuz if i was risking getting caught i went all the way, have u ever done that?
i am planning on going to the beach on the 4th or 5th. if i ask u to go what would u say? and since thee other pic was blurry heere is another pic
would u have to get permission?
ok now my curiosity is getting to me. Can i ask u a few personal questions?
it sounds like u r a rebellion, what adult stuff have u done?
i have a yahoo messenger account if thats what ur asking
ok i just added u to my yahoo messenger
r u online
what kind of adult stuff do u do since ur a rebel
ok have u ever made out with a boy
have u ever done more with a boy
like have u ever had sex with a boy
whats the oldest boy u have been with?
what is the oldest one u have thought about being with
i wish i had a webcam so i can see ur facial expressions cuz for some reason i think ur either joking or laughing at me
i wasnt saying that, i just have had bad juck with women my own age lately and u seem so nice
yes i have had bad luck since my divorce back in 2009 and i have been single since then too
and have u heard of pirates cove yet
i wish i wasnt single
it is the beach i was thinking about going too 
just so u know it is a nude beach near avila beach
i saw someone that looked like they had a 5 or 6 yr old with them so i would think it would be ok cuz it looks like clothing is optional
well if u want u can go in the water strip down and then come out when ur ready or stay covered till ur ready to strip down
well if u want i can work with u on that
such as do u have a webcam
it is kind of difficult to explain
well the first step would be seeing how u do with just me and u concidering the age differance
it doesnt bug me and if u want i can pick u up tomorrow around noon so we can talk in person
ok what time wed
and if u want i can talk to u at home unless that would be akward for u
we can talk first cuz when i was in texas i was an unoffical stripping coach helping strippers get used to the crowds
if u r sure u want us to meet at ur house all i need is an address and a time to be there that is good for u
at first and we can go from there when ur ready
well then we will see where it goes from there and can i tell u a secret
it is a little embarressing and personal, r u sure u want to know
sitting here talking to u gave me a hard on
idk did u get excited or put in the mood
ok then whats the address and time that u want me there
yeah i know
i have seen malnourished chicken and trust me u r not one
then ur last bf was an idiot 
to help get u used to being naked, have u ever sent naked pics of urself to someone
well im not that way and maybe thats y ur self concious about urself
well can u send me a naked pic and to me how skinny u r and u have my word i wont show anyone
ok understandable 
i will 
i still need a time for wed to be there
ok
ok what time will u be on tomorrow
what kind of painting r yall doing
ok
well do yall need help cuz i can help with that too
ok np well wed sounds good cuz im free all day wed
goodnight and ill talk to u tomorrow
im online and awaiting u to come online too
ok i was just about to email u to ask how ur day has gone
how has ur day gone
me too 
do u know when ur sis goes to work tomorrow?
ok what time does she work till?
ok then i can show up there about 1 so we know the coast is clear
what is the address i need to go to?
ok 
i am bored today too
we will figure it out when i come over tomorrow
i dont know what all u want or are willing to do, but i know one way or another we wont be bored 
im game for anything 
anything u want to do i can do
what do u want to do
so if one thing leads to another ur up for it
yeah i know, do u have a deck of cards
then we can start by playing some strip poker and see where we end up from there
me too if i give u my word that i wont show up before 1pm tomorrow after noon, would u give me ur address then
i ask so i can get it put in my gps, i wont show up early
how far from orcutt burger r u
is it close enough to walk to for u
ok then i will wait for the message, that tells me ur address
what ideas do u have that u want to do so we wont be bored
how dark can ur house get when all the blinds r closed
ok cuz i also know a game of hide and seek in the dark with a stripping rule unless u wanna play it nude
ok sounds fun lol
idk if u win what do u want?
normally i let the winner choose what they want. but the main thing adults want is sex so ill let u choose if u win
ok the only candy i have is butterscotch 
ok 
if sex is the prize do u want condoms used or r u on the pill, or the female protection
that a problem cuz im all out of condoms but i have had doctors tell me im sterile if u still want that 
yes im sure
ok lol 
idk what the prize could be 
ok sounds like we will have some fun
brb
brb
im back
im back
so whats on ur mind
so whats on ur mind
so whats on ur mind
so whats on ur mind
if ur willing to have sex without a condom we can have sex as the prize
if ur willing to have sex without a condom we can have sex as the prize
ya im sterile
ok so sex is the prize and i am real good at poker
do u know what time u will send me the address so we can have fun
ok sounds good to me
damn what
ok we can talk some more when u get back
me too but we will talk again as soon as u get back
hi 
so how was dinner
i am about to watch a movie with my son, it is called thats my boy
it is loading now on the laptop
its ok im talking to u while it loads cuz the laptop is slower than molasses lol
i cant stop thinking of a way that we can have alot of fun, but to finish the thought i would need to know what positions u like and what all u will do sexually
ok have u ever had ur pussy eaten or done a blow job
ok cool, thenim thinking in between each game haveing the prize in a lot of differant ways
what sex positions have u tried, and which one do u like best
then i guess i can teach u a lot on that subject too
ok i may be invisible but i will be on
my son told me it wont load all the way so we will watch it tomorrow
he is down here visiting me from fresno
he is 18 
ok ill ttyl
im going to bed but i will be up early waiting for ur message
good morning! how did you sleep?
yeah im here
hey r u ready for me to come over?
its ok what is the address
yeah by the time i get there u should be done
ok ill honk when i get there
ok im leaveing to head there now
