Hello, How are you doing? Can i tease and please your pussy with my tongue and make you cum over and over?
you wont be dissapointed
28 Male Anaheim
ok
bye
i never knew a young female like yourself would like that?
whats your name and number then??
yes, what is it??
sorry im not gonna play games. I didnt think you were serious. Goodbye
whatever
i told you i would call you...Obviously you are just a fake ass
yes
name and number?
ok
what city is that?
yes
why?
ok
im getting my phone
no you did
the only way i will call back is if you tell me on the phone what you would like to do?
Do you have any more pics of yourself?
may i see them please?
I cant see them, can you send them as a file?
because they are black
let me cancel and you can retry or send a different way
cute pic
nice
very cute
So why are you into older guys?
I have never done this with a female under 18 and I am kinda affraid to. :
lol
im serious
i never knew or heard of a female your age that loves to have a guy lick her pussy.
im calling
your not answering
Ok, what is your address and home phone number incase i get lost and cant get ahold of you on your cell phone?
city, Zip and home phone number?
i will but i want your home number just incase our cells cut out or something. Just for back up. Thats all
you prefer right now or in a half hour or so?
depending on traffic maybe a half hour
is your pussy smooth and shaven for me to give it french kisses?
not at all
is it trimmed?
ok
yummy
have you ever had sex before?
omg never?
yes
whats your last name Shyanne? Are you Indian?
yes, I am getting ready as I am chatting with you
damn your pussy must be really hot and wet for some attention.
i can tell you right now that i will only be able to lick your pussy and not have sex with you. My cock is too big for your pussy and since it will be your first time it would hurt you
wanna see a pic of my cock?
be right back
Im soooo sorry baby, my comp froze up and i had to restart. I am leaving in a few mins
did you see the pic of my cock?
what did you think?
you wouldnt want to feel it inside you
you dont have a cam?
let me see you really quick on cam please?
yes
yes
can i see?
ok
still there?
ok
very nice. Can i ask you for a favor so i know how serious you really are baby?
well, I showed you a pic of my cock so you know how serious I am. Can you show me something on your cam before I head out the door and drive over?
not your pussy
your nipple
do you have a condom?
should i stop and pick one up?
if i eat your pussy out untill you reach orgasm and get you really wet then it shouldnt hurt
unless you rather do 69 at the same time, you suck my cock while i eat your pussy out instead of feeling my cock inside you??
im getting ready to leave now...  is your pussy soaking wet and hot for me?
im leaving now
about 30-35 mins depends on traffic
just come there. will you be naked laying down and ready for my tongue to lick your pussy??
your the only one home,answer the door naked and then i will carry you to your bed and lick your pussy
it's a blue car
ok
whats the hurry, you have till 11
your pussy must be very excited...lol......im leaving now
i forgot the directions. LOL...Now I am leaving again...I already have you added
i am trying to walk out the door to come over and you keep messaging me silly. LOL
I can not add you because my security will not let me add someone who is under 18. In order for me to add you then you have to change your age in your profile
you must not have a dult profile then, did you make it a adult profile? Because my system will not allow me to add you unless you have a adult profile
I'll be there in 30 mins. Kisses :-*
I went to that address you gave me off of bellflower and there was no one there
I swear i did
i did
how did i write down 6328 then???
i swear to god 
I will come there in the morning if you dont believe me?
why 1??
whats wrong with having my tongue tease your pussy in the morning and waking you up?
yes i wi;;
will
who will be there at 1 ??
I promise I will...Will you be alone and how long?
will you be alone for?
why not early like 9 or so??
i know
just asking why
its cool
let me make sure I get the address correct this time, give me your  entire address and cell number?
I have them written down at my work and I am at home now silly. 
a number is easy to remember if it is corrrect
I will cum
I did but I am a moron and went to the wrong house
yes
FINE..........I was heading to your place and got stuck in traffic because of a mjor reck, I did not call because i thought you would be pissed at me. THat is the truth, now if you want me to move on i will
I knew traffic would have been bad on Friday at rush hour
yes I am as long as you can do me one thing?
I want you to swear to god to me that you are not a undercover cop or someone trying to set me up. 
I have your address and cell number at work, can you give all that again?
yes
what freeway are you off of?
so i take the 91 west to the 405 south and exit what?
I take the 91 west and then what?
ok
hold on
91 west exit bellflower and then what?
left on Bellflower and then 
ok, that is not Long Beach is it?
ok
so i dont get on any freeway but the 91 coming from Knotts Berry Farm area??
I wish i can wake you up at 7 am with my tongue licking your pussy and then giving you a shower
what do you have to do tomorrow morning?
just curious
you have a major attitude. Goodnite
i told you i was sorry
and i had a good reason
I am not fake
why is it so hard to be friendly and tell me what your doing tomorrow morning?
ok cool
that was easy
you going with your parents?
col
cool
Kisses hunny, sleep well. goodnite
see you tomorrow
i got it
just be ready to answer my call tomorrow.
12:30
bye
Do you think I am really a sick creep
I hope i got your hopes up and that you learned a lesson
I would NEVER meet a female under 18 to do anything sexual
I am reporting you to yahoo
PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE 
You are trying to set older guys up to get them busted and I dont appreciate that
Im not a fake liar, I dont like to be arrested and put in jail
Because I have a STRONG feeling you are either a undercover or a cop trying to set older guys up.. You hear about it all the time
You dont say what you want, you have specific times, there are so many reasons why i think you are
I am suppose to just come over and trust that you are not a cop or a undercover?
as soon as i get there you will have a cop in another room waitng for us to play
or i will pull up to your house and they will arrest me before I even get to the door.
are you alone right now and if so for how long?
NO IM NOT
just being careful
whats your cell number and your street number again. I cant find it
cell number and street number?
