are you real?? 
tired of fakes dude
oh great.. nice meeting you
im siva, male from atlanta.. how about you
wow.. i am 31.. 
quite a surprise.. till now i was not so sure that i can meet a real girl thru chat.. 
well.. what do you do?
im sure you are a student.. 
btw i am software engineer
working in atlanta for the past 1 year
i program.. our client as of now is bank of america
well how is life going? 
yeah.. not bad.. 
feeling bit alone.. thats all.
looking for avacation soon 
last time i went to tampa and orlando.. didnt plan so far
yeah.. went with some of my colleques.. trip was nice
anything interesting happen to you recently?
nothing that i can think of now.. 
too much stress in work.. it is getting normal slowly
btw what is your name?
emily.. nice name  :-)
hey do you think we have a big gap in terms of age? 
i feel a bit uncomfortable though..
pls dont take it otherwise.. i mean.. 
ou
do you want to see me? i think it is fair to show me before i ask you :-)
yeah
just thought seeing whom am i talking too.. i believe you too have a same feeling
oh.. let me a take a look then.. :-)
you are looking great too.. 
thanks for your comment too.. 
you know what? i am basically from India
dont know what else to say.. do you have anything which you want to know about?
i am in ga for a past 1 year.. 
it was only work during this time.. however i got a good experience professionally
my contract is 6 years.. my company assured me they will process a green card for me.. lets see how it goes.. 
about india.. yes i will go to india once in a while.. 
probably once in two year or something like that..
yes for sure..  
especially the people, weather and environment is so good that i wish i should settle down here.. 
i dont know what is gods plan :-)
ofcourse.. america is a land of opportunity.. btw you had dinner already?
yet to go for a dinner
yeah i can do that.. thought of going to \"long horn\" today
yeah.. lately i started liking steak especially in long horn..
do you like steak?
wow.. 
you guys prepare steak in home?
that is nice.. you know cooking as well.. 
i never tried that
oh really.. 
how about your family? do you bro or sis?
yeah i dont a one younger bro and sis.. 
bro is an civil engineer.. currently living in Dubai
i mean i have one bro and sis
oh yes.. 
mother and sis living in india.. 
dad passed away last year.. he was a very good dad
what is mom doing?
oh ok.. am i holding you from watching movie?
just kidding :-)
ok.. hey emily do you mind if i add you as my friend?
emily.. hope we become a friends now
:-)
when are you planning to go to bed? 
well.. do you have some of your pics with you now?
i would really like to see your full size pic
you mean in your profile itself
i couldnt find though.. 
ok
i checked out.. you look BEAUTIFUL in black(while dots) outfit
i really meant that.. i couldnt take eye off from you.. :-)
seriously buddy
looks like you love angeline jolie..
yeah.. i agree.. 
i prefer kate winslet since titanic.. 
who is your favourite hero ;-)
generally !?%$#
not about show.. your favourite male celebrity? 
that is a cool answer.. 
but
oh.. the troy princes!
yes.. 
do you mind if i ask one personal question
these days who makes your legs go weak?
hmm hmm.. ;-)
i think orlando bloom and justin timberlake looks alike
is it? jt is cool according to me :D 
np
hey emily
nice to meet you again :-)
you are a nice little girl.. probably upcoming good looking women ;-)
yeah.. most of the men are going roam behind you i believe.. 
i am out of that crowd though :-(
i wish i should be of your age.. hahaha
oh really... well.. in that case.. let me be a first one to be in that crowd :D
wow i am honoured my friend 
i too
hey emily.. be in touch.. you are my first friend i ever got in US 
sure.. dont want miss you at any cost..
i will be expecting you em..
btw if you want to go to bed.. feel free.. 
am really happy today that i got you
good night & tight dreams
Hey em girly.. have a good sleep.. :-) 
hey emi... 
how are you doing?
doing good.. 
oh.. what happen emi? are you ok now?\
take rest buddy.. had pills & dinner?
ok have a good night emi.. catch you later when you are completely alright,,
get well soon buddy.. take care!
np
hey emi
u still there?
sorry dude.. hope you are completely allright now
i keep seeing your pic.. you know.. you are simply superb..
huh.. why am i missing you everytime?
hey emi.. finally i got you online :-)
how are you now?
doing great.. 
week end.. any plans for today?
hmm.. how do you feel staying in maddies house? guess you will miss mom
ok.. looks like you spend most of the time alone.. lonely girl huh?
sorry about that.. how about your friends? do you guys go out?
wow nice to hear that.. 
i wont be surprised if you say you got a boy friend as well... 
come on emi.. didnt any one proposed you so far?
:-?
hahaha.
btw your pic a so lovely that i started seeing that frequently ;-)
i had one during my college days.. in our country girls get married soon.. 
yes.. parents will find a guy and force girl to marry between 16 to 20
so basically when guys try to find a job to settledown.. girls will get married to someone else.. 
not only married.. got couple of kids as well :-)
poor girls.. now things are chaning in india.. girls study and live independently.. 
i agree.. india is a very old country with lot of religions and stuffs
in ancient days.. they wont allow girls to come out of home itself.. 
too bad.. women are meant for cooking and give birth.. 
it looks centuries for women get freedom from male cavanism
hey lol.. 
in my opinion women should be given with equal importance.. 
we are human beings.. people should not differenciate that with gender
that is why i like your country a lot 
:-) why should i stop? 
i wont stop talking with you until you kick me off
do you think so? thats great.. 
tell something about you.. love to hear that emi
hmm hmm
>:)
ok ping me when u r on
ok it is my turn now
ping --> type 
fine
:-)
my name is Sivakumar.. you can call me siva
im 5'11\" short ? tall? 
i dont believe in ghost as well as god
i was 210 pounds and recently lost around 50pounds..
im working on six packs ;-)
you can always find me in gym or with this stupid box 
i dont have much friends.. now emi become a lovable friend which never want to loose.. 
yes i do.. im a software engineer.. managing a team of 12
working for www.accenture.com
this is a US based concern.. you can see our companys profile when you get a chance
second biggest software concern in the world.. B-)
am i bragging more about my company.. just kidding
not that smart.. im a average student.. however i manage to complete my masters in computer science
may be.. you are yet meet so many people's :-)
yet to*
btw how about your studies?
great.. im honestly telling you.. set a goal and travel towards it.. study is more important than anything else
am i sound like a granny ;-)
i wish and want to see you reaching great heights.. 
cool.. can we skip this topic on studies? i know it is boring :-)
wow.. do you like to play video games?
yes i do.. i love racing
no cop can give me a ticket
=))
hey emi.. someday i would like to meet you.. what do you think? 
anything at all.. 
i dont mind about topic.. i just love talking with you
yeah.. for sure.. dont you think so?
yeah that is going to be damn cool.. we will plan that sometime.. prior to that lets get along in net and find more about each other
:-) 
me too
what do you like most about men?
hmm.. you know what? in public chat rooms we can only meet jerks.. once in a while we can also find an angel like emi 
tell me honestly.. did you really like my pic?
i never knew someone can like me
i dont know.. that moment i saw your pic i was completely flattered .. and i really like the way you talk .. 
you are bit childish and yet matured.. 
happy to hear that especially from you :-
i wish i would be younger and born somewhere near to you
hahaha.. what a contrast? 
k lets do this.. you get older by 5 years and i get younger by 5 years.. 
emi.. i like you very much
btw how long you will be online?
i already started worrying about that :-(
yes
ok.. emi it is ok if you want to go.. anyways we know we like talk eternally :-)
like to *
yeah.. i too tried and failed lol
ok.. it was fun talkign with you.. do you have any plans to roam around world some time in future?
i had this dream since my childhood..
to roam the world.. 
you know it took 21 hours flight journey from india to US..
yes.. exactly.. one small correction if you dont mind
i want 2 see the whole world with someone special :-)
may be.. how would share your feelings then?
i mean if you see something unsual for example a typical sun set.. i definetly want to show and share
yes that is what i was talking about..
what are all the places/states you went in US?
that is cool.. dont worry you got lot of time to go everywhere you wish
i covered newyork, newjercy, niagara.. tampa and orlando
out of which niagara was really cool... 
you should pay a visit there sometime
do you like driving? i love driving.. i drove to tampa and orlando myself from here
probably i will take you somewhere :-)
hmm
what was the last picture you saw?
in theatres
oh really.. 
that make sense.. watching a movie in cozy home is really cool
wow.. i dont understand why you dont have bf being such a nice girl?
oops.. 
i heard like girls here in US loose virginity very early.. is that true? 
hmm.. this is where total freedom leads US to..
exactly.. 
the whole perception about US in other countries mostly asian countries are like that only..
i would say americans are straight forward.. well ahead from others in terms of wealth and so on
hey emi.. it is snowing outside.. 
i love snowing.. 
yeah
not heavily.. but snowing
yeah.. am in atlanta
well.. where are yo from?
zip code please.. let me see how far we are
mine is 30328
hmm
199 miles and about 3 hours 37 mins drive
hmm but i will definetly make sure i will come there to meet and take you for a small drive/lunch/dinner or whatever
no problem.. i love to be with you and watch you
don t know.. probably you can show me the best places in your area.. show your school and any nice place your liek
yeah.. why dont we something like indoors.. i can only think of theatres
that is a nice idea.. 
which is the best mall there?
cool.. ok lets plan it then.. 
oh yeah.. hey emi.. if you happen to goes away on any weekend..
if your mom happen to go away* sorry about my english
weekend would be nice.. i dont need to take leave..
sure emi..
no problem.. i already told you i love to drive.. moreover i am going to meet \"Emi the best\"
i dont know if i can ask this.. do you have mobile?
ok.. but if you wish you can call me @ 646.229.3222
no problem.. but emi.. i need to say you something.. my english may be very poor.. dont hate me for that
wow.. i am so relieved now..
thanks emi
ok.. catch you later then
bye
:-)
hey emi.. 
i dont know why it hunged up.. 
i tried calling the number again.. but couldnt reach you
hope i shouldnt do that.. btw when i called it asked for several options but none worked
anyways i will wait for your call.. you can call me at any time you wish
hey emi
u there?
i was expecting your call since yesterday... 
but i heard your voice girly.. couldnt wait to hear it again
can you ping me emi?
pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssssseeeeeee
u still there
wow
hey dude.. when can i here u again 
?
pleas do it.. cant wait :-)
nope i just went to wash my hand... 
no.. i was having dinner.. i know it is too late.. 
yup.. you know what? i have ony few friends.. 
i agree i do surf a lot to get a authentic friend like you.. but never succeed until i get you
i cant think of it. lol
hey i heard your voice saying \"is this siva?\" 
wow it was so nice.. 
why am i like every thing about you
sorry about that emi
yeah i was in party.. 
with my colleques.. infact i was not so interested to go there as i was waiting for your call.. 
you should call me emi.. if you have mobile i would have called you 100 times by now :-)
hey dont feel bad.. i dont want to see you feeling bad about anything.. 
yummy emi.. i wish that should happen sometime soon
no worries.. it doesnt matter as you are always in my heart
i am jsut seeing your pic 
look at that shining lips.. wow
curious eyes.. 
golden hairs.. slim and cute body
nose.. wow i love that.. 
why should you? it is sharp and cute just like you
it is perfectly maching your face.. is it not so big or too small.. 
probably i would suggest him to get a specs :-)
nose is not everything emi.. personally i feel you are overall looking beautiful.. ok tell me this.. 
look at that pic and tell me what is the flaw you are seeing.. 
wait let me take a look again.. 
i doubt anyone can tell anything about it.. 
beauty lies on individual eyes.. to my eyes \"YOU ARE THE BEST\"
hmm.. how are you feeling today.. are you completely feeling good?
take good care of you emi.. 
keep smiling.. you are so pleasent and warming when you smile
blushing or what? :-)
cant wait seeing you blushing.. really emi
can i tell you something.. you should not get me wrong
sometimes i feel guilty talking and getting close with you as you are too young.. do you also feel so?
hey no emi.. that is not what i meant.. i always want to be with you.. 
seriously.. i just told you what i felt.. 
cant hide you anything
ok.. 
:-)
emi is back.. emi is back
hi dude.. i feel so good talking with you.. what is that you have which is pulling me towards you? :\"> 
i mean what is the best quality of you which is pulling me.. 
dont take it wrong.. it is a compliment.. 
emi.. this is the right time to tell you this.. since we are from different culture.. may be sometimes my words sounds little awkward.. 
but know that i ever wont hurt you
ty
emi say somthing honey.. anything at all
if you are happy.. that is all i want.. 
it is obvious that i am also happy with out any doubt
hey emi.. when will you call me? :((
emi.. dont get yourself into trouble.. i think i can wait till you get a chance.. 
np emi..
do you feel sleepy emi?
haha.. what is your mom doing?
oh really
hmm.. are you comfortable with him?
ok.. what will your mom think if she come to know about us?
i understand
yeah.. let us plan our meeting very carefully then
who is maddy?
not getting you
oh ok.. got it.. 
hope she knows about us :-)
if you feel so.. let it be that way.. 
not at all.. i definetly care about your safety and well being
i dont know but i think i started admiring you.. probably love you too
i think so.. i dont want to hide that.. but let us meet and see how it goes.. it is my taught i know you thought too
yes.. can i be your bf?
do you accept that request?
wow.. emi i cant believe this.. 
i love you so much.. 
im flying lol
say again emi that you love me.. 
oh honey.. you are so sweet
think it is time for you to go to bed.. tight dreams.. you are going to be in dreams tonight
and all the night that is going come
going to come*
:-) i dont want to either.. 
i have to.. but nothing is more important than emi.. 
dont worry.. i can take care of it just like the way you take care of your studies.. 
dont you?
oh yeah.. now i remember.. our client has holiday tomorrow.. 
which means less work.. wow jolly*
yeah i understand.. i suggest you to take rest dear.. 
:-*
ok.. take care... if you get a chance give me call.. 
i love you too emi.. 
good night and sweet dreams.. if this guys comes in your dream
just give him a hug and kiss ;-)
bye
emi darling.. you would have slept by now.. know that i am thinking of you.. good night
hey emi 
how are you?
how was your day today?
my day was bit hectic.. 
lot of work
hey dont worry.. it happens once in a while thou
honey i expected you a lot yesterday.. 
oh.. i understand.. never get in trouble no matter what
hmm.. you know how to handle that.. 
had dinner darling?
im against cheese lol.. 
i dont want to gain wait honey.. i love it but i cant eat it
hey.. no.. you can eat and gain some flesh in important places ;-) 
u know it :-)
belly??? i would say little above 
emi... 
you knew it lol
fine.. i guess i need to see you latest pic.. 
do you have one?
emi my darling.. i think i saw a cute little awesome breast of yours.. am i right?
you were with dress.. but you know.. i can able to see through it ;-)
kidding lol
i know im missing your blush right now
ok
hey emi.. i am watching Troy right now in FX.. your man(orlando bloom) is there 
dont know what to say.. 
may god gives you what you desire.. 
yeah i know.. today i realize it
he is as cute as justin timberlake =)) 
kidding lol.. 
i started admiring him just because.. 
emi likes him
where are you now?
in bed?
im in my bed.. 
with my laptop and emi
do you have cam as well?
i wish to see you and your cute little everything ;-)
like your hair.. 
your sparkling eyes..
your chubby chin
rosy nose
beautiful face
:-) 
i thought of going down further ;-)
cant i see those too?
now you make me blush lol
ok.. why not? i would love each and every part of you.. 
you cant hide other treasures ;-)
how about your belly and 
5inches above that and...
honey do you want more :-)
to be frank.. i just dont know what will happen.. lets dont plan.. let it happen on its own.. 
it may be just a meeting.. may be with couple of kisses.. may be several hugs.. i just want to see you and be with you as long as we can
with emi it cant be something other great!
i mean other than great*
what will be first thing you do when you see me in person? 
:-?
ok take your time
hahaha.. 
ok lets assume.. no people are around.. ?!
wow.. that is so sweet of you.. 
what is there in believing it? i will do anything for you.. it is afterall 3.30hrs travel.. i just dont mind
think about this.. i will be all exicited during that travel.. 
thinking about you.. 
yes emi.. the moment you say that your mom is not around and we can meet.. 
the first thing im going to do is to rent a nice car.. and start towards albany the heaven
towards princess Emily Catherine
sorry about the typo.. 
Err is human.. to forgive is divine.. you didnt.. let me be the first one to say.. \"I looooooooooooooooveeeeeee you ssssssssssssssoooooo muuuuuuuch\"
i said it first.. :-)
EmilyK Emily: did i say \"love u\" 2day yet
you win.. i win.. doesnt really matter.. we won !! :-) 
i love you kutti.. 
kutti in my mother tongue is \"Angel\"
cute little kutti.. i have no words to express my love to you.. 
for the past few days.. after knowing emi.. im a new man.. and it feel so good.. i 
love you honey.. 
hey i think i sent the best pic of mine to you.. you should see some of my other pics to get the real idea.. 
ok.. be ready for it i am so nervous.. i pray god that you should like me
wait for a moment im searching.. 
i would love to see your pics too honey if you dont mind
np
brb
good nigt kutti.. 
i love you so much
:-*
hey emi 
sorry dude.. im in a production call.. 
i mean potential issue in our application.. official.. 
neet to take care of it honey
i am miss you a lot
oh is it? if you can pls be
thanks for your understanding.. i love you.. 
i will try to make it as soon as possible.. it is 10.30 now.. i believe it will end by 11pm.. can you make it.. 
i really hate this call.. i swear honey
:-*
i love you so much.. will be back as soon as i can my dear
oh i cant believe it.. you are still online.. 
awesome.. 
no issues.. it is completly understandable.. have a nice sleep.. i love you so much..
i m so sorry.. i am five mins late
wow.. got my emi back.. take your time
oh dear.. i am really sorry.. i hold you this long
i can do anything for you.. anything at all... do you want me run nude and dive in to pool.. i promise i will do it right now :-)
yes i know.. 
emi.. i cant express my love to you.. you are the best! 
i mean i dont know how to express my love
in any way you wish.. 
my wish is to... 
take you in my arms and hold you gently and look into your eyes seeing your love!
you know what? 
i initially thought you are a good looking girl and sexaully attracted towards you but 
later i come to know i really love you.. 
i swear it is beyond sex..  i can sit with you simply seeing you for the whole day
why not? lets test it in our first meet.. 
let dont touch each other in our first meeting.. i love to hug and kiss you.. lets hold it till our second meet
it is upto you.. 
in that case.. lets us give to mother nature.. :-)
i dont believe in planning anything.. like a while cloud.. it will travel in any direction.. it depends on the direction of air.. 
ok.. tell your plan if you something :-) 
no hiding dear
really.. 
ok.. lets plan then.. 
but we should not go mad if something goes wrong.. 
that is why i dont plan..
oh emi.. every time i talk with you.. you are getting closer and closer to me.. 
deep inside.. 
i think i know you eternally 
i really wish to hear your voice.. i was so sad the otherday you hung up suddently
i know it dear... 
may be.. you voice was so nice.. i heard you saying \"is this siva?\"
i even hear it in my dreams.. 
over and over
hey emi.. i just have only one pic of you.. do you have some more?
pls share it dear.. let me share some of mine as well
if you like me.. thats is more than enough.. im so happy
can i save your pic?
sure dear.. you looking so good with that black outfit
look at you.. wow.. you are dazzingly beautiful.. 
pls go to sleep.. 
i am really sorry emi.. 
bcoz i care for you health
your health*
can i say you something?
i did it quite fast than normal.. bcoz you were waiting for me
now comes that something ;-)
you have a cute little breast.. just the way i like it.. 
i swear dear
i can play with it for hours.. for months..  no.. 
for years.. i swear
yes i do :)
hahaha.. my cute little angel... time for you to sleep
:-)
ok.. assure me.. you wont hesitate to tell whenever u feel like sleeping
hahaha.. what do you like most about me? 
you are the sweet, lovable, adorable girl i ever met..
dont hope.. it is true.. 
i believe and agree 
emi kutti.. 
i dont mind you wake up till this time if we are together in our bed.. but 
now i think you should go to bed.. we have all the time dear.. 
i love you.. beware siva will come in your dream and going to kiss you everywhere.. 
i mean every inch of you :-)
it will happen 4 real sooner or later.. 
it includes your forehead.. your feet and 
every where inbetween those ;-)
sweet & hot dream dear
:-*
emi darling.. i miss you awfully
hi honey
how are you?
im doing good.. couldnt catch for 2 days.. 
npo problem
but i missed you so much
nope kutti.. 
i m playing cards with my friends.. 
will you come online tonight?
huh.. f
so i am going miss you awfully
when can we catch up aqgaun
3 friends.. all cooleques
yup.. no girls 
pls 
sure..you too
i love u darling'
ok bye
hey emi.. u there?
your love is waiting desperatly for emi kutti.. :-*
yes mam :-)
doing good..
hope you are also doing great
had dinner?
not yet honey
i was about to go for dinner.. luckily i you pinged me
i dont want to miss you.. 
didnt talk for so long... 
i need u today kutti
:x
yeah i am fine.. expect missing you
any clue on when we will possibily meeting?!
hey you said.. we can meet when your mom is not around
i thought you will tell me then
:((
oh is it? can u confirm me by thursday
wow.. how lucky i am to meet my emi this soon... 
how much time you can spend with me darling?
i want to be with YOU the whole day.. 
in that case, i will stay there in albany on sat night.. wow.. 2 days.. with me.. guess i am blessed
sure lol.. cant wait.. 
ladies first.. escape :D
ok.. let me think :-?
are we going to stay together?
i love that idea
what do you think?
wow emi.. that is going to be real fun
i dont know.. so many thoughts are poping in my mind... im overflowing with joy
hmm.. we can roam around the town morning till evening.. shopping and have fun
do you think i can stay with you?
if so, we can watch tv.. cuddle and have fun
ok.. if situation permits we can have real fun.. 
staying with you itself is a real fun.. what else is required.. may we can kiss each other.. i may kiss you all over.. caress you untill you sleep.. 
i may sing a song for you.. we can dance
yup.. now its your turn.. 
what do you wanna do?
where do you want me to kiss ;-)
how about kissing you in you lovely breast and nipples??
how aobut kissing in your belly? lick in your belly button??
gently bite you ears.. and lick neck?
wow.. i will be honoured lol
how about kissing there?
little below that 
even below
inner tighs.. and
where it meet together :-*
hot spot of emi kutti..
hey stop kidding lol
ok.. lets name that spot with something sweet.. 
how about \"vannila\"? 
huh.. ok.. the spot little below belly button.. i feel very shy to name it..
there must some scientic name to it.. but i dont remember it right now.. playful name should be pussy.. 
really? i think you are going to love it when i play there with my tongue 
do you like it?
let us try it then..
i started already started flying.. flying and flying.. 
pls pull me down darling
yes.. if every thing goes fine.. and if you too wish.. we can try that out.. 
what i love most is to have you in my lap..  you lying in couch and facing me.. 
facing each other.. i want to hear all the lovable stories you have... 
your childhood friends.. funs you had during you school days.. and all that you love
i will be caress your hair and play with ears with fingers.. 
that is going to be so good.. 
in that case, that will be taken care specially ;-)
you breast.. let me play there as well.. .. 
most of all.. we want to hold you tight.. can lie in bed side by side and hold each other.. 
probably gently massaging your hip & back.. 
i think we will feel like we are in heaven.. 
what about you lol??
im bit relaxed now that my emi loves that idea too.. 
will this happen lol?
i mean.. will that happen for sure?
im damn serious emi.. 
this week end.. wow cant wait holding tight
me too lol.. let me know if sometihng changes inbetween
i guess you would probably come to know for sure by thurday that she may go or not
ok.. anyways i will come there this week end.. if she goes.. well and good.. otherwise let us atleast meet and roam for a while.. 
let me know 2morrow honey
np.. have a tight sleep.. 
i have one feel though
what will happen if you dont like me when you see me in person,,. i pray god that should not happen
i love you so much... no matter what.. 
:-*
goodnight.. and sweet dreams
bye
hey emi,, going out for dinner.. if couldnot catch you online tonight.. pls leave a offline msg about what we discussed day b4 yesterday
emi.. i really miss you a lot.. you wont believe.. nm that our meeting got postponed one week.. but atleast we would have met online honey.. cant sleep :-(
emi darling.. i will be online from 9pm to 10pm.. i love you..
hey emi.. i miss you terribily.. where r u? im going mad kutti
hey emi.. i missed you again.. 
wow.. 
oops.. 
i thought you forgot me.. :-(
huh.. not at all.. btw we cant do anything about it.. it was out of our hands
is the plan still on for this weekend? :-)
did you get my previous msgs?
i didnt receive those msgs.. how can deny this invite? i will come for sure
ok lets plan it perfectly then.. 
when do you think is the right time for me to come there?
will it be fine to reach there by sat afternoon say around 11.30am?
hmm.. yeah.. i was about to say that.. bcoz
i just dont want you to get into any sort of trouble
so what? we will go out and have fun...
i may miss your cute breast and sweet pussy thou
:-)
hey i love to do that with YOU
but where can we? we need some sort of privacy
why dont we go for a cottage rather than hotel
yup.. 
let me check out if we can get some in albany..
that sounds good.. 
let me quickly check out  this.. right now.. can you hold for few mins?
go ahead.. give me the zip code pls
no problem
how about this hotel \"Wingate by Wyndham Albany Mall\"
it is quarter mile from the albany mall
hotel name?
i dont mind staying anywhere as long as it is comfortable for you..
let me check that
i find so many jameson Inn in albany
is that the one in Dawson Road?
oh.. no problem then.. 
i will book this one.. 
when will your mom come back?
will book it for sat and sun then.. 
wow.. i am so excited as well.. this is going to be a great moments in my life
will you spend the whole day with me?
4 more days and i will be in emi's arm :D
i was looking at your pic.. it is seducing me.. the one with white dress
i can able to see your panty.. but alas not beyond that :-(
lol.. will you give a chance to see beyond that? 
well.. that is my girl.. btw im all yours.. you can do anything you want :-)
yeah we have all the time.. whatever we do.. we will do it with more of love and passion.. 
mee tooooooo... sex is good but i dont prefer sex with out love.. 
why cant god skip wed, thur, friday for this week alone?
so that i can meet my darling right away :-)
well.. emi.. you know what? 
i know how much you love me and trust me.. 
i love you so much.. 
i really wonder.. how come you dont have any sort of fear meeting me in private?
i love you emi.. that shows the love you have for me
:\">
ok come back soon.. 
brb kutti..
hi im back
will you come online tomorrow?
my heart is longing for you everyday honey
emi im out of words.. 
im so lucky that i got my emi
i will get you all the details tomorrwo about hotel
good night emi.. 
nope got a call 
sorry about that
yup.. located the hotel 
thinking of giving a call to them by tomorrow monring
rooms are there.. no issues with that
love you too honey
take rest
hellllo emi
there?
ok come back  soon
hey honey.. 
i booked a room and jameson and rent a cab 
yeah.. it is only 3.30 hrs 
i will be starting from here by 9am morning.. 
will be reaching there around 12pm
what do you suggest
saturday from 12pm iam yours.. 
im the guest.. take me where ever you want.. 
how will you come to hotel? 
oh is that very near to your home?
how aobut the climate over there?
yup.. how can you manage to walk?
ok.. so you come to hotel.. we spend some time there.. then where are we going?
some option would be shopping / riding some where
whatever you wish
cool.. i love that too.. 
ok how long we will be there?
hmm
yeah.. let me know the whole plan.. 
yeah.. just wanted to know your plan
it is going to be great.. eager to hear it from you ;-)
yes.. i wish to kiss you.. lick you right from your head till toe.. 
especially spending more time with breast and even more time with your sweet pussy.. is that sounds good :-)
ofcourse cant wait.. 
will you be staying with me that night?
i just wonder
lol.. i just want to be with you.. dont want to miss even a single second
that sounds really cool.. wow.. omg emi.. tell me it is not a dream!!
what do you wear now?
hmm
feeling horny lol.. cant wait to pull that shorts down and make you hot
hmm.. tell me something about your cute pussy.. do you some hair there?
=P~
wow.. want to see how your feelings will be when i lick it playfully until you cum :-)
imagine you lying down in bed with out any dress.. 
rise your knee slightly open and... 
i will be start kissing you from your toe.. legs...
and other leg..
slowly on your tighs.. slowly reaching down your... 
wet pussy.. with my nose.. 
teasing it with my lips.. 
then with tongue.. 
all over the outer lips... tasting your wetness.. 
wow.. thinking it self making me so hot... 
hahahha... lets see how it is going to be.. 
imagine.. with out licking your inner pussy.. just tease you... will move on to your belly.. 
licking your belly button.. circle it with my tongue and
then.. 
slowly move ahead till i find my sweet emi's hot breast
suck the nipple gently.. i wonder which breast i can take care of.. 
definetly i will be handling both.. 
and then smooching ytour face and those lips..
wow.. i can do anything for it.. 
and then comes your ears.. lol
breath around your ears.. you will feel the warmness and go crazy.. 
then slightly suck and lick your ears.. 
it wont end lol.. 
what is happening to you now??
feeling wet??
huh give that me honey
ok.. no worries.. 
will you be online tomorrow?
pls come and 
make sure you come online on friday night.. 
cool.. 
sweet kisses honey.. 
i love you too.. 3, 4, 5,... 10000.. :D
will you save all your treasures for me till i come there?
B-) baby
i think i wont sleep today.. 
you are completly in dreams even if i sleep
seriously.. i had wonderful dream yesterday with you
you wont believe.. even during mornings your thought keep coming lol
am i coming in your thoughts as well?
that makes me feel special about myself.. :D
:\">
dont make me blush princess!
dont be.. i love that.. 
infact i love all about you.. 
no problem honey.. 
have a tight sleep.. 2 more days to go
bye
hey emi.. really sorry honey i was not there when you where online.. 
all set emi.. 
tomorrow by 1pm i will be there
so much excited
me too darling.. 
what?
by 1pm i will be there in albany.. 
dont know how can you know that i reached there..
is it possible for you to call me tomorrow
yeah that sounds good.. 
do call me.. im not sure how to reach you when i come there
:-) jameson inn hotel.. they just gave the confirmation number.. i dont know yet the room number
so it is important that you should call me around 1pm
give me your home number too.. incase if cant reach i will check 
if you cant reach me i thought i can call you
ok now i have to somehow push this night.. 
kutti.. cant wait to see you and eat your pussy :-)
can i start now itself?
it is hard to wait till morning
no issues.. dont forget to call me between 1pm to 2pm
checkin time for the hotel is 1pm... otherwise i would start now itself :-)
if you say \"yes\" i will
i know.. lol.. keep tight until tomorrow.. 
by what time?
im planning to start by 10am.. ok i will be online from 8am to 8.30am for you.. 
i love you too honey :-)
take care.. 
there emi?
im going to start in next 30 mins
mom left?
cool.. im on my way.. will meet you soon :-*
yeah
yup for sure..
me too.. im starting now.. only few hours to meet my emi darling :-)
see you soon.. till then take care.. 
give me a call around 1pm with out fail.. lol
i love u too honey
bye for now 
