hey chick how are you 
hows life treating you today
i cant complain 
taking a break from the heat right now .. been washing a camper
so what are you up to this summer
lol .. that could be a bad thing 
you looked at my profile yet?
ohok .. well im seeking some naughty fun .. 
dont know if you are up for that kinda thing or not .. ..
see what?
yes i live down near macon .. how bout you?
where is that ?
you not that far .. cool
so you like naughty stuff?
what all have you dont if you dont mind me asking?
sorry .. .. what all have you done .. ?
you like oral?
alrighty 
can you deepthroat?
might have to show you later :D
hey sorry bout that 
so what have you not done that you have heard about .. that you would like to try??
im 6'5 210lbs .. short sandi blonde hair .. blue eyes
are you really 14?
no reason .. im 21 
is that too old for ya
so have you ever met anyone off here?? 
you have someone that could give you a ride to a place ?? or you living with some who doesnt care who picks you up?
so you are free this weekend?
so we could hangout at your house?
what all could we do ?? movie? hottub?? 
really!! awesome
you play in it any??
so you have a jaccuzzi now or you had one?
gotcha
have a lot of jets ?
you get in it when your parents arent around?
lol ok 
how big isit?
two people fit in no prob?
so how do you feel about sex?
you on birth control or you sticking with condoms?
you really tight??
gotcha .. thats what i thought
how many fingers you get in?
yeah ill behere
im in and out of the room .. got to get back to the camper after it cools off some
hey .. if i came over.. you dont have any neighbors that would be ratting on you .. do you?
so where did you move from
oh ok 
hey do you have a gag reflex?
oh ok ... well do you want to know what deepthroating is?
its where you take the guys whole dick in your mouth .. where it goes to the back of your throat 
think you could handle that?
yeah ill be on ...hey .. lets shoot for this weekend.. its my birthday and my parents are leaving sat afternoon and i have to work sat night .. so maybe sat afternoon we could meet up 
sounds good to me.. 
where at in harris county are you .. cause itll take me like 2hrs to get tehre
power went out lol 
fort son or forson the city?
gotcha .. yeah i see it on the map
yeah thatll take me at least 1hr30min
you gotta cell?
ok .. ill be here off and on .. catcha laters
you cant ?
so what are you going to do?
you cant wait till saturday for what?
oh ok .. cool yeah ... right back atcha
i show you my pic later today 
lol 
does he know you chat online?
so when you had sex before.. did it hurt .. i mean you being tight and all 
cause if you can only fit two fingers .. ill stretch you some .. and i dont want you to be hurting 
you got toys?
what you going to practice with?
you do that at school.. what in the bathroom or something .. you dont moan a lot??
what?? 
teach what
ok .. catcha laters babe
how was the movie
what did you go see
nope havent seen it yet
you see any of the xmen movies?
oh yeah .. havent seen the last one yet though
they are coming out with another spiderman and rocky VI
yup
why is that 
oh yeah ... so got anything you want to do to me specifically  since its going to be my bday??
how would you pleasure me?
if you want me to walk you through it then thats fine .. ill do that when we meet but ifyou know what you are doing ill let you do what you want
alrighty 
what do you want to try that you havent done before??
or do more of?
what all have you done?
give and receive oral?
you like both?
willing to try that?
you want to try that deepthroating i was talking about earlier ??
what if all we did was oral?? would you be ok with that?
yeah id be ok with it .. i mean if we have sex then hell yeah but i love to do oral
did you like third base?
want to do it again?
who gave out first ..you or him??
yeah i can bring some 
i dont want you to either 
what else you want me to bring?
why dont we make our cum the lemonade and you my cake??
i dont drink sorry
when you had sex before .. did you cum a lot?
did you have a lot juice come out of your pussy?
wait till you have a guy eat you out .. 
some girls squirt cum they have such an extreme orgams
yup 
oh yeah 
when you had sex before .. who stopped first?? 
did you outlast him?? 
think you could have gone much longer?
oh ok then ..you kinda cocky arent you
what position did you do it in?
any position youve seen that you want to try??
hey i got to go eat ill be back in a few
im here
you there??
im back
chat with you laters sleep tight 
yup 
i was just about to head to bed ... what time do you usualy go to sleep?
what are you doing this summer?
so what are your parents doing this weekend?
how far away will they be?
you dont want to see your gramma
when are they coming back?
ohok so we got plenty of time
well depending on when my parents leave will determine when i can get there
im hoping tohave a few hours to hangout
i live with my parents .. yes... they are helping me out before i leave back to school 
i had an apartment but lease ran out and i couldnt sign one for 4 or 5 months so mom and dad let me move in for a few months
they are going down to destin for a week
sat afteroon
well i have to work sat and sun night 
so im only going to have the afternoon on sat 
and if i like what happens on sat i might come back for more on sunday afternoon
all depends on what happens saturday
what makes you so sure?
oh ok 
well i think so to .. 
you got any movies to watch saturday?
what would getyou aroused or warmed up??
what do you have ?? action?chickflick?
you got the first movie?
sounds good tome 
well hey i need to get some sleep i got to work all day tomorrow ..ill catcha tomorrow night 
always 
dont dream about me too much 
hey you might want to go ahead and start practicing 
im 7inches 
might give you something to dream about.. sleep tight
how deep are you .. do you know?
you got a lot of things to try 
you think you could take all 7 in ?
hey are you nipples sensative?? 
cool .. you let me suck on them??
well seriously.. would love to chat more.. but im gone for now .. tomorrow night hun
you 2
you there?
hey i just missed you last night... im here for the rest of the night .. and i have good news about saturday too
just im me when you get a chance
you there?
you there?
hey whats up 
yup
you a night owl arent you 
so good news and bad news 
which one you want first
not sure about sat but you can count on me sunday.. i have to go to atl on sat
i can still cum meet you 
anything off limits?
i should be able to come around like 1in the afternoon
dont think itll be open before i come
usually dont open till noon or one on suday
yeah tell me about it... what is going to be off limits??
?
when it comes to us having fun.. what will be off limits?
well i know some people dont like to be open minded about sex and all 
like anal and stuff
so you are interested in trying ?
anal.. something in both .. 69??/
maybe a dick in your pussy while i finger your ass or vice versa
do you have one?
if so then yeah we can use that
dont have one sorry
your parents have any cucumbers in the frig?
sqash??
carrots?? anything long and skinny/
if not tahts cool we can work with what we got
you there?
cool 
hey what are you doing tomorrow ??
hey do you have a pic or anything?
oh yeah sorry ... forgot about taht
running errands and assisting a class at school 
mom and dad are taking me out tonight cause they are leaving saturday morning
when can i get your #?  your cell or house??
ok 
later babe
im me when you get in so we can figure out when i need to meet you
alrighty 
so.. what are you up to today?
well i dont have anything to do till about 5 tomorrow afternoon so i should be able to come out and meet you
well i will be able to 
no .. tomorrow afternoon
i dont have enough time today
id get there by 4 and i have to be back here by 6 to get ready for work
but tomorrow ill sleep till about 11 and ill head out 
about 2 hrs
yeah
yeah
brb on phone
ok 
if i get there around 1 thatll give me a couple hours with you 
ima need to leave around 3ish .. got to get back and play some beach volleyball
no ill be there around 1 and ima have to leave around 3
yeah sorry
ok im off now.. had a friend call
you think you can do it for two hours??
will do 
me either 
would you let me go in a couple of times with out a condom to see what you feel like raw?
no babe ..im clean
you not going to get me sick are you?
what all do you want to do?
heck yeah 
only if you are in it though
yup
alrighty 
you live in a subdivision or what?
you got a lot of houses around you or you secluded?
can you see your neighbors?
awesome 
im assuming its on the deck??
outside?
so you can moan and squeel all you want
??
awesome 
hell yeah .. so you want a pounding
did i ask you if you squirted ?
yup
what aws your answer?
phone
so do you squirt?  wana see if i can make you squirt
ok.. chat with you laters.. you going to be on tonight???
when will i get you #
i have to work tonight babe
oh and i could come after work and get there around 9 or so but id need to get some sleep 
im home now 
going to sleep will get up around 11 .. 
you there
imon my way .. give me a call when you get this ... 478-719-7618  i should be there around 1.. 
correction .. sorry .. i hit a wrong # .. this one is right>>> 478-719-8618
hey cuttie how are you today
im doing pretty good 
mind me asking if you are into any naughty ??
giving recieving oral
would you do it again?? . did youlike it?
you have sex yet?
cool 
you deepthroat any?
its where you take the guys intire dick in your mouth where it goes to the back of your throat
you got a gag reflex
?
oh ok .. thats no biggy
willing to try though?? 
you met anyone off here before?
yeah .. gotta meet in a public place .. i met one chick at tanger
understandable 
well if it made you feel any better.. im still a virgin myself
would love to yes .. at this point im looking to have some good oral fun
would you be willing to meet to do some oral?
well ill be in atl area in a few weekends... you going tohave the house to yourself at any point?
not expecting you to say yeah ill meet.. still got some convo to have .. 
she doing ok?
oh .. sorry to hear 
when does he take her up there?
well im free this weekend actually 
and its my bday .. i have to work sat night though
cool .. when are they coming back?? no brothers or sis to worry about?
cool beans
so what would you like to know about me?
im down in macon 
i was just at white waters this past saturday
you there?
k
no biggy
so im down in macon .. where at in atl are you ?? it takes me about 1hrs45min to get to kennesaw
oh ok cool 
nope thats about the same amount of time 
yeah thats cool .. i might actually be coming to columbus on sat .. 
its possible.. depending on how much time we get to chat between now and sat 
sure 
well i have to work wed and thursday but i get on usually when i get home 
around 8pm ish
what would you like to know?
oh ok.. yeah sure 
alrighty 
better yet.. http://profiles.yahoo.com/talmatt ... is my profile with pics
thanks.. you are too
what would you like to know about me?
not right now .. im going to oklahoma in sept for school though
hey i got to go eat ill be back in a few
im here 
yes
ill be 22 on the 22.. saturday
nah its cool 
you ok with it?
lol cool .. 
where did yall have your fun at?? if you dont mind me asking 
cool .. your parents know who was picking you up?
gotcha
true dat 
not much ..just waiting on a friend to call to go play some tennis
you play any sports
yeah thats not an easy sport
alrighty
you still there?
you must have yim set for invisible
any thing else youd like to know?
alrighty .. just im me when you are back .. cause i cant tell ifyou are on or not .. ill be on late tonight
well im gone to play tennis .. laters babe
hey chick you there?
catcah latesr sleep tight
hey chick how are you tonight
