hey there, im david, nice to meet u 
sure..39/m/san jose, i hope thats ok for chat 
cool..u seem really nice...how was ur day today? 
oh sorry to hear that, did u do anything, it was beautiful outside
ic..so r they still loud now?
ur dog?u must have a big dog lol
i c..so is jess short for jessica?u like to be called jess?
why not, its nice..and ur very very pretty by the way 
hope u like it 
k
oh well...i dont mind that comparison..hope u like teachers lol 
but what happen...u can have a crush on me 
do u have a b/f jess? 
nah...but wuld u even think of goin out with older guy?
hey, id love to get u lots of stuff, id love to spoil u, treat u like a princess 
cool...what else u like?clothes, perfume?
cool..id love take u shoppin, makes me happy just to see ur pretty smile
no? 
i thougth u said i couldnt take u shoppin
ok, thanks...i cant believe u dont have a b/f..ur super
what?i just said ur very very pretty...so hush up ok?
u say that one more time..and ill, ill..what will i do?lol 
i dont want to stop chattin
ur so nice 
all the girls online r so mean to me 
well, lots start nice..then they just give me the heave hoe lol
dont know..i guess most r too immature...cause i kinda like younger girls
a few i have...they say they like me..on and on..then act different later..id rather just be told the truth
well..sounds like we have had bad experience...have u?
yeah..i do believe in respecting a girl wishes, and get to know her...i hope we can be freinds jess..ur sooo cool 
have u ever met anyone online?or is that too scary for u? 
really...so u might?i mean if u got to know the person? 
yes, hope u dont think bad of me..but i have met a few 
one was 15, 17, 18 and 19...does that make me bad jess?we just had fun 
cool 
when is ur birthday?
feb 1, so urs is coming up..any big plans?
so u dont like big crowds?i dont too much
yeah, me too...so when is school out?soon?what u goin to do for summer?
i c...so u r all excited?everyone in az has a pool lol..what part?phoenix?
i love to play pool, r u good in pool?
i can teach ya 
im ok, havent played in awhile...but just need a lil practice
id love that..r u serious?
no, i wish..i dont have a swimmin pool either..sorry, but we can just go to a place and play
thats ok, that way u make me look good lol
but u prolly better than me in other stuff 
hmm..lets c..swimmin?videos games
see told u, but i bet i can outrun u lol..i might be older, but im in good shape 
lol..ur better at sitting?
u seem lot older..do peep say that? 
r u here jess, sorry i got booted
thanks princess 
i was saying i bet u get straight a's, ur seem very intelligent
shes prolly jealous
i cant see anyone hating u 
ur the princess
cause ur pretty
and shes fat and ugly lol 
do i make u laugh a lil jess?
ok, im glad...i like to mess around..with people i know good
i think u r, r u ticklish?
hmm..u will have to find out lol
well, it wuldnt be the worse thing that ever happened to me 
hey, thats not fair..if u do me, well sorry ur gonna get it big time lol
no mercy\
hey, i htougth u like havin fun
really, u serious?
ok, i promise i wuld stop when u said, u have my word
yes, thats one thing i do jess, is keep my word 
thanks, thats important, trust and respect
is ur hair long?it looks like it
yes, so dont cut it ok?
please
ur too good to be true..i know im dreamin 
really?so u kinda like me a lil/
cool..so far so good?
no way, i wuld never be mean to someone like u, if i did i wuld be heartless, cause u r so sweet..very lovin 
i bet u have such a big heart...i hope i can touch it someday
so how long u goin to be in az?i hope not long
good
i mean im sorry to hear that
but wont u miss ur family?  
why not..do u have bro and sis?
oh wow, thats too bad..is she there now?
k..lol
finally
lol, j/k
so when does school end again?in 2 weeks?
lol.ez princess...is that ur dinner?
ok, so r u goin anywhere tonite?
so just stay home and do what?chat with me? 
ok, only if u want to
yes, most definitley..but i hope u do too
well...lets see..anythign really..do u like sports?how bout amusement parks? 
wow..u sure ur not a fish lol
i like great america, and santa cruz
do u?
not scared?u a big screamer? 
darn, i was hopin u wuld say u wud be scared and need a big strong person to hold on too lol 
what?never been to santa cruz?
well..hopefully that will change?maybe?id love to take u
that sucks...id love to take u everywhere, shoppin, parks, have u been to monterery aquarium?
so could i take u jess?
yes, id love to...id be so thrilled
it would be so much fun
as much as possible, i love monterey...i live only 40 min away, and 45 from santa cruz
yeah, i love to go out on the boats and see the whales
oh babe..u have to see them..they r sooo cool 
yeah, but u dont get reight next to them lol
or u can try to ride one
put a quarter in its spout
k, hurry babe 
cool..more donuts?
its ok, enjoy it babe...is it ok to call u babe?
cool...and u r special
very special
yw...babe 
brb
wait
im sorry
but if u have to go
ok, will u be on later
ok, i was just hopin we could chat again later
like maybe 11?or 10?
please
tlhank u princess
hello jess, just in case u come online, im here, invisible...so msg me if u come on
hello jess, just wanted to drop by and say hi..i hope u had a good day, and maybe we can chat tonite...thinkin of u babe, david
hey jess, how have u been...we havent chatted since the day we met..i hope u even remember me. i really enjoyed meetin u, i thought u felt the same, if not let me know ok?i dont want to be taken ur time, david
hello jess 
hello jess, how r u?hope u remember me
have u got all my offline msg?lol i left tons
ok, i sent u a few..i thought u didnt like me anymore
ok, i never see u online anymore
oh no?howcome?r u off now?
?
ok, .i just want to make surre everything is cool now
im sorry, i hope i can cheer u up babe 
so u still goin to az?
what do u mean when u say meh?
ok, i can tell ur not very happy 
i hope u still want to chat with me
well i want to babe, if u let me
ok, just keep thinkin bout how much fun u will have in az 
it will be soon
it will babe, soon u will be laughing, and all this will be behind u
maybe u can come stay with me 
i know...but it was worth a try..maybe u can come visit or we can hang out for a bit..if u like that
well, i have met a few girls already...and they r still alive lol 
we can meet at a mall or soemthing, someplace with lots of people 
so u can get to know me
oh i know...im kinda glad u r safe, cause i dont want u goin with some other guys
do u talk to alot of guys online?hope u dont mind me askin
ok, its just ive never met a girl like u online..ur so nice and funny 
ive missed talkin with u since we met...missed u alot
its ok babe, its not ur fault
i understand, i just htought u didnt want to chat with me anymore
cool...thats nice to know. im not sad anymore myself, infact im realy hapy 
stupid comp
sorry im back
k
cool..so anyway u asked why i was so happy
i meant before that lol
when i said i was happy
well anyway, its cause i get to chat with u
so thats why im happy
hope ur feeling better
r u?
so ur goin to come back in a few min?
ok, hope to chat later..bye princess 
i must have just missed u
i left around a lil after 5, i had to go to san jose. i hope we can chat soon, im thinkin of u 
hey jess  
how long have u been on?i just saw u online
no way...i wish u wuld have msg me..i was makin a sandwich
u do have me on ur freinds list dont u?i should be visible
i c..was that last nite?i sent u an offline msg, did u get it?
well anyway, im glad ur on now, i hope ur feeling better
oh i c...well atleast u got to go to ur friends house yesterday, so its not totall restriction?
hey cool...so that should make u feel better than..right?
i bet u forgot everythign bout me
lol
well u did remember that 
i did go to san jose..but i live in hollister, do u know where thats at?
its ok, most peep dont...its realy small..south of san jose, near gilroy
dont babe
ur a smart girl
very intelligent and mature
hey dont talk like that ok please jess...i think ur smart and not dumb..so dont go there ok?
and i really think highly of u
hey i dont care what others think of u....i say ur awesome 
yes they can be, cant believe what they say...so dont pay much attention to them...just listen to me lol 
thank u jess, that means alot to me, that u trust me..ur so sweet to me too
well thats cause they r jealous of u...they need someone to slap them silly..i wish i could, i dont like people to say or do anything to hurt u
i know teens can be so mean, but u dont seem anything like that..ur so mature
yeah..like i said really jealous cause u r so cool and sooooooo pretty 
hmm...let me guess, she called u a bitch or something?or said ur this or that
how dumb...u wuld think she would be happy to know she likes a cute guy..she sounds immature and insecure
yeah, cause she thinks ur goin to steal him...is he her b/f?
oh thats even dumber...hes free game lol
yeah its usually the ones who dont deserve it that get talked bout
ok, im back too lol
so how much school u have left?
ok, so can i ask u sometihng?
do u really like that boy?
ok, i guess he goes to ur school
oh so hes older?like 16?
oh just wondering..cuase im sure lots of guys like u
well, im sure if he got to know u i will like u 
cause guys dont appreciate a girl who is pretty plus smart...i do 
but u wuldnt want me as ur b/f
well i wuld be in heaven if u liked me like that...but i wont count on it, dont want to get my hopes up 
u do?really?come on jess...be truthful
what?lol...here i am practically beggin u, on my knees for u...and ur saying what if i dont like u back lol 
but why?i mean i dont think u said anything wrong...infact i hope ur serious 
just tell me
oh i c...yeah, i do..why do u think im always msg u all the time lol 
i realy like u alot
u make me sooooo happy jess 
no lol...im just being honest...i like u whether ur sad or happy 
i love talkin to u...ur so ez to talk to 
u make me feel good all over
so can i be ur man?will u be my girl jess?
yesssssss!!!!!!!
ur my girl, my babygirl 
i can hardly wait to just hold my babys hand 
and maybe a kiss too? 
i bet ur kisses will be sweeter than an angels kiss
hey im glad, that way i can be ur only one since him, and we can practice alot
nah..i dont trip on that babe...as long as ur with me, thats all that counts
ty babe, i just want to give u my heart 
and hopefully hold urs
do u like stuff animals or what do u like? 
cool..i can hardly wait to take u to santa cruz to win u a big onw 
well ill try to win one, if not..ill buy u one lol 
but we will have lots of fun
a month?why so long? 
when r u leavin for az?
right after?same day?
and ur goin to be gone for a whole month?
so u dont think we coud see one another before u leave, i hope im not pressuring u..i just want to see u
ok..i understand 
its ok, its just that i wanted to atleast say goodbye to u 
a whole month
thats a long time for me
oh im all confused...ok let me get this straight
ur goin to az for a month?
ok, so ur only goin for a week?
ok, i got u..im sorry for being dumb babe
ok, i got u..sometimes in end of june u will be back?
ok, so we cant see each other till end of june?but i hope it goes fast
that wud be so cool babe, u wuld make me so happy...we wont stay out late at all i promise...even if its just for an hour or somehtign..ill be happy
well not much cause we cant have much time...maybe go for a walk?to the park, mall..whatever it dont matter to me..as long as we can see each other
did u have dsl or dial up?
ok, just wondering..did u get my last msg?
david: well not much cause we cant have much time...maybe go for a walk?to the park, mall..whatever it dont matter to me..as long as we can see each other
wud that be cool with u babe?
i really like u alot jess...whole lot..bunches 
u just did, u said u liked me..thats cool for me...i love hearin that
i want to say stuff like "i love you", but i know that wuldnt be fair to u
cause what if u didnt love me..i dont want u to feel uncomfy 
no..please tell me now jess
i want to know
please babe...i beg of you..i want to know really bad..i wont embarass u i promise 
oh that they loved u?
well, if u dont mind..im goin to say it to u..but it will be different than ur mom
it will be more romantic and passionate
well, hopefully u will find out soon babe, i want u to get those warm fuzzy feelings, i want to touch ur heart 
i want to brush back ur hair when i tell u i love u..and hold u close to me 
squeeze u really tight 
and whisper how much u make me happy...jsut to know u like me like u do
that ur the most beautiful girl i know 
well jess, its only because ive met u...ur brightn my day alot
thats cause ur special to me babe...ur my girl..and i want to show u how much i care for uy
cause u said u like me..ur pretty, ur sweet...u care for me...and ur smart 
what more can a guy want
i only want u and no one else
come on jess, its ok, i want us to be friends and lovers ok
i mean where u can tell me anything
thats what friends do right?
but friends dont get embarassed with one other ok?
i know b/f and g/f do more...but i woldnt never do soemthing that u didnt want
cause maybe u dont know too much babe?
well i understand...but thats why i want us to be friends and lovers..u can ask anything and not feel embarassed ok
well..yeah, i mean if we have feelings for one another..that wuld be so nice...but once again, lots depends on what u want 
well i want to, and u want to..so we agree..cool..lol..even if u didnt want to, i hope we can still see each other
and i promise to be a good teacher, lol, im really patient 
ur a virgin?
yeah, i know babe..thats why the first time for u will and should be super special
yes, me too babe...i mean with candles, nice settin
right atomosphere
yeah, it should be romantic babe..special..with lots of passion..and love
and i know u wuld be so beautiful
do u think u will be nervous?shy?
lol..but i think u will get over it, once i start kissin u and holding u
wud u wear someting really romantic?
i can buy something for u...from victoria secret..or u pick it out and ill buy it 
yeah, thats it
real cute ones, do u like them?
yes, i do...some r kinda racy but others have classy touch..whats ur fav color?
red..but blue is my second best
but white in nice for langerie too
since it wuld be ur first time
why?u look good in anything as far as im concerned...but red is nice too
ok, red it is..my baby in red 
here i am assuming u want me to be ur first guy...but i do hope u want me to be
i do babe...i want to make love to you...look in ur eyes as i do
feel our hearts beat as one...we will be one 
yes jess i do..i like u very much...i want u and no one else
, my heart is pumpin so fast cause i can hardly wait to be with u
im so happy u feel the same for me too..cause whe we make love we will be so close, so happy, i know i willl say i love u when im making love to u
will u hold me tight too babe?
i will like that
and i will be so careful with u
how tall r u babe?how much u weigh?
6ft, 210 lb..but im not fat...i lift alot of weights
yeah, did i send u a pic?
hmm..i dont remember sending it, can isend it again?
k, whats ur email anyway, i want to send u othe stuff too 
k, let me send it..give me a min ok
hmm, can u see if u got anything
k
k
is it an ok pic? 
strong enough to pick u up lol..cause thats what i want to do..pick u up and twirl u around 
yes jess
yes, that wuld be so cool..id love that..but its long distance..do u want me to call u?
ok, if that wuld be better for u?
wud it better for u to call me or me to call u?
ok, i understand, i have to go to the store anyway..so when will u call?heres my number..408-674-6451 
k babe, ill be waitin.. 
r u here jess?
well i guess urnot comin online...i hope eveything is cool..hope i didnt run u off with my voice on the phone
ok, i understand
i was hopin u was comin on sooner
chores?for my princess..no way
well, i dont want u to get in trouble anymore 
already?that was fast
yw babe...so how long can u stay on?like 15 min?
ok, np..we can talk more another day..maybe tomorrow?
what pic? 
oh im sorry i forgot..did u want me to send to ur email?
well i didnt realy, but i wanted to tell u something or ask u
well, all i have is a few..one of me, but other is kinda ah ah
u know 
well it is kinda of spicy...more than the other one, so i dont know if u wuld want it
hmm...is that mean its ok to send it?
hey if u wanna..then i will...ur my girl anyway, rite? 
k, give me a few min ok..oh by the way, i hope u liked my voice..i loved urs 
u sound older on the phone..like 18 
no..u sound sexy 
ok i sent them...i hope u like them 
have u seen them already?
jess?im sorry
i shouldnt have sent them?
ur ok?so ur kinda upset?
ok...i kinda warned u didnt i lol
i mean u said ur my girl..so i have nothin to hide lol 
yeah, that wuld be so cool 
oh i know..i dont want to keep u out late anyways..sometime in late afternoon, cause i have to work
im a letter carrier
yeah, thats it..see ur smart..lots of peep dont know that 
yes i am..lol
so ur laughing cause im a mailman 
lol..j/k
yeah, the ones where the driver is on the right side instead of the left..have u ever drove a car?
hey i use to be a driver ed teacher...i can teach u..u can drive my car 
yeah...id love to teach u
of course we wont go out in traffic right away
i value my life a lil lol
but this way u atleast can get a feel for it
hey jess, do u have anymore pics?
k, will u be on tomorrow?
ok, so hopefuly we can see each othe sat?
nite princess
hey there...how r u?i sure wud like to chat with a nice girl
hey there..whats goin on?did u have a cool day?
yah, pretty much..i didnt have to work, so thats always cool
im david, nice to meet u
san jose here...where r u at?
i guess that means north cali?thats as close as it gets?lol
39...and u? 
what?lol
now i c why u didnt  say what city
im surprised ur even in the room
i hear ya
u seem like 17 or 18
i bet many think ur older?
brb
back
so 13-yr-old-girl...i cant believe ur 13 lol
ur pretty smart 
straight a's i bet
ah ur just bein modest
r u in hs yet? 
ok...i was j/w
r u gettin lots of ims in the chat room?
oh yah right..tons of girls r msg me lol
i dont know..i wish i had a few hit me up
hell..forget the few..even one wud be nice lol
r the other guys bein nice to u?
cool...im glad they r...cause ur really sweet;)
why is it i can talk to u, but not an older girl lol
thanks...too bad ur not alil older
i know that lol...u got a b/f?  
oic..do u wish u had one?
how old was that cool guy?
ok, so its was all pretty innocent?nuthin hot and hvy
ic..so why the angel wit horns then?/:)
nah, no myspace for me..looks like too much work for me to set it up
yah right>:)
im just messin wit u
laundry
want to help
really?do u do lots of houswork at home?
oic...so u can help me then lol
plus dishes
a lil cookin too while ur at it
hmm...so no mexican food?tacos, enchiladas?
u think?hmm..so u will experiment on me
i feel like a rat
cause they use rats for experiments...duh
yah, what?
thats good to know when im chewin on ur experimental dish
ok, ill have grill chess sand every day i guess lol
hey, im single...im not picky
ill eat ur hand if u get it close to me lol
u prolly think im some sadistic monster huh?lol
ok, so we both agree im not a zombie
close, but not quite
i wish i culd show u a pic but my comp is in the shop
but i can describe myself if thats ok
what u mean how am i chattin?
i mean im using my old comp silly
ur too funny 13-yr-old-girl
ur a qt for sure;)
ok, im 6ft..how tall r u?
im 210lb..not fat, just very muscular...how much u weigh?like 100lb?
ah..i suld win a prize lol
anyways..im latino, brwn hair/eyes
well thank u sweetie:)
i havent had any complaints
see how nice u r..ur the nicest girl ive chatted with in a long time
thats the truth though, im not lying...ive been on like 2hrs
and most girls r like..cya lol
cause i think cause im older...and the older girls are so mean lol
i know..but im not trippin...cause u made up for it all;)
so im just cuurious..can u say the city ur from yet?
trust me..im not goin to try to find u lol
im not like that..ur too nice
lol..kinda like in petaluma..ur funny
i dont even know where that is at lol
i think near sonoma
so u still chattin in the room?
im in some room..but not payin attention either
im not the one gettin allthe ims
u r
im jealous lol
do u come online alot?
13-yr-old-girl..u here?
i got dsc
sorry bout that
thanks for still bein here
i was askin b4 i got booted, what was so funny bout chat?
ok, i got u..u mean talkin in the room itself?
yah, but most of it can get pretty wild
very sexual in context..im sure u noticed that
hmm..id say like 90percent of it lol
oh yah, for sure...but i didnt think u wud want to hear it lol 
ok, that makes sense...nuthing wrong with wantin to know more
no..i know ur not bad 13-yr-old-girl..far from it..just curious..that dont make u bad
i know ur not quite there yet..i mean as far as havin sex..but someday i assume u will 
ok, i hope im not gettin too far ahead hear..we can talk bout sometihng else  
but if u have any questions...i wudnt mind helpin 
yw...i like bein a teacher lol
yah...i think i have a lil knowledge on the subject
sure..a few yrs..a few encounters
yah, but unfortunately, nuthin anytihng lately lol
yah, its been like a 3 months
for me it is...id like to make love alil more often 
well, depends on there relationship
g/f and b/f..if theyre married, etc
the girl i was seein lived far
in sac
well, we werent really b/f-g/f..jsut datin
yah, but we had sex everytime we met 
oh yah, and more than once everytime
like 3 times aday
what?
u think thats bad?
realy?one time i made love to a girl like 5 times in one nite
im sure u knew that 13-yr-old-girl?
u cant be that unawares?can u?
well, i guess they wudnt know lol
yah, u do it..but i for one like doin it alot lol
especially if the girl is realy sweet..and hot lol
now, if, and i said if..cause i know it is not goin to happen..i was with u...id make love to u like abunch of times 
cause ur sweet and realy realy pretty  
thanks 13-yr-old-girl..cant u be a lil mean?
ah nevermind
so, u got blue eyes?
they r awesome..dont change them ok?
and ur blonde?
wow..my weakness
u culd have anyting u wanted lol
thanks 13-yr-old-girl...u make me smile
how late do u comeonline?
oic..so she not there now?
cool lol..and ur dad?
ah..sorry to hear that
thats good to know..hey im goin to the gym..it was so cool to chat wit u
thanks...what u goin to do?
and talk with another guy?:(
not rreally...but i guess if u want to
cool..thats what i was wishin u wud say:D
i know...but i didnt want to be let down
do u think u will be on later 
bye
no..im leavin now
i hope u will be here later though
ok, i understand..dont get in trouble
ill be thinkin of u..later
hey 13-yr-old-girl...r u busy?
i hope u dont mind me messagin u
cool..i was waitin to see if u wud msg me first lol
so u were busy then doin sometihng else
r u changing it?
oic...do other ppl leave u lots of msg?
yah u did...u forgot already?lol
well, not that i dont like it..i just dont have it
really?is it like yahoo chat?
yah, im readin urs now...i guess i dont have anything to say like u do lol
yah, is that ok?
thanks...im readin bout u and ur camp?did u go to camp?
cause of a boy?
hey u can tell me lol..who am i goin to tell and i wouldnt anyways 
oic...but that sucks that u didnt go to camp...i mean its summer and thats what summer is for..fun
there u go lol..what u wanna do?go to amusement park?shoppin?
so ur not grounded anymore?
well that helps to find sometinhng to do...r u near that amusement park in vacaville, i cant remember the name
yah, that one
ive never been there..have u?
really?id like to go...i hear its pretty cool
just readin yahoo sports page..and u?
looks like ur busy
ill catch u later
if im what?
no, id rather talk with u...but u seem kinda occupied
ok..i guess u need to go
no, i wish i culd talk with u all nite 
do u have to get up early?
like 7..but i usually stay up till like 12..how late do u stay up to
cool..so u can stay up with me?:)
so if u dont type anything...that means i put u to sleep
well yah, ive been on for like half hour already
that is weird cause i havent gone anywhere
did u have that pic on b4------------------->
no, it wasnt showin earlier...but im glad i can see it now;)
yah, maybe...is ur hair long?
ok, i kinda thougth that...i hope u dont cut it
wake up sleeping beauty
:(
there u r
yah, like the one where ur sittin on the curb?it looks long there
i just made up an account to see the pics lol
hope u approve
so ur hair must be really long when its wet?
well, it looks like its near middle of ur back
so like i said, i hope u dont cut it...it sure is awesome
yw...so did u go into another chat room?
u mean u were goin or u were in one
why didnt u
hello?13-yr-old-girl?
i guess u knocked out
i must be hella boring
hey, there u r
dont let me keep u up sweetie
for now..until i say something that puts u to sleep
like right now...ur eyes r gettin heavy
I-)
yah, that wud be nice@-)
u wud be at my command lol
what did they make them do?act like elvis?animals?
ive seen it at a fair..its a trip, do u think its for real?
yah, prolly real cause i dont think all those ppl wud act that crazy normally
but i wuldnt hypnotize u...even if i culd, that wudnt be right
cause i wudnt trust myself lol
yah, right..thats it..ill make u put ur pants backwards
then i wud tickle u realy hard 
r u ticklish?
cool...that wud be so much fun to tickle u till u begged me to stop lol
for sure...that wud be alil too far then
i wudnt tickle u that bad
i bet u have a pretty laugh
like an O:-)
oh yah..forgot bout those horns
cant be too angelic
;)
go girl lol
now ur talkin 
yah, need a lil excitement every now and then
let ur hair down...get sexy
no?
oh well...i guess i got carried away lol
but u do look a lil sexy in ur pics u know
so u dont mind me sayin ur sexy?
cool...i think its ur eyes that look soooo sexy
i think ur hypnotizing me instead
and u wudnt have to hypnotize me..id do anything for u witout it
thanks 13-yr-old-girl...but i think its only cause u bring it out of me..u must have a big heart..ur not like most girls
so what u goin to do tomorrow?
working unfortunately...i had today off..so i slept in till like 9
when do u go back to school?
so thats like one week away...i bet ur pretty hyped bout it
for sure...but u will be wit all ur friends..and prolly wont be on chat much
ah so thats why u didnt answer right away..why didnt u just tell me u were chattin wit her?
13-yr-old-girl?
im sooo sorry..i got booted and culdnt get back on
im glad u stayed..did u send me any msg?
no, not at all..i dont think ill ever be mad at u
especially for u talkin wit ur friends
yw...so r u totally sleepy now?
hey, its cool...no reason to be sorry babe...its almost 12
its just hard to let u go, cause ur so nice to chat with
back?when?tomorrow right?
ok, what time do usually get on?
hmm..like around 4-6..can u get on then?
cool=D>
i have something to look forward to
yah, same here..now go have a cool dream
r u gone 13-yr-old-girl?
oic..checkin for msg?
yah, i left u..cant u tell lol
hey 13-yr-old-girl:)
how r u?
doin good...so ur just ok?anything bad happened?
hmm..i think ur kinda goof too
:-P
but ur a very cute goof;)
yw...anything goin on ur myspace?
oic...did u go into any chat rooms today?
r u in one now?
really?not one person?
sounds like my situation
nah..i like just talkin to u
cause u actually like talkin to me...atleast i hope u do
thanks...so r u..how bout earlier?did anyone chat with u earlier?
why did he leave?
did u tell him off?lol
yah, thats messed up...i mean ur more freiendlier than the older girls
good, its their bad if they dont want to talk with u..plus that means more time for me
so did that morocan guy talk with u alot?
ah...so u do have a lil mean streak lol..why did u iggy him?
yah, i always get girls from philippines msg me...i usually iggy them too
why do i iggy them or why do they msg me?
cause im like u..they r too far...and i think they just want to get an american to bring them to this country
so what did u do today?
i had to work...hey im goin to jump in shower..will be here in like 20 min?if not, i can catch u later
cya
hey 13-yr-old-girl..im back
r u busy?
cool...so u have a few min for me?
cool..cept i cant chat too long..i have a few errands to run
r u chattin in the chat rooms?
ic..so ur not talkin to anyone?
not even a moroccan?
was that guy like a sheik?some king of morroco?did he want u for his hareem?lol
hey u never know..they marry really young there..plus guys have like bunch of wives
yah, kinda like the old mormons..even some mormons today have a few wives
for sure...ever hear of king solomon in bible..he had 700 wives and 300 concubines lol
they wore name tags
idk..lol
im sure he forgot some of their names
i bet they wore him out lol
anyways
what u doin
bout what?
yah, its crazy...most guys wudnt mind..i dont know how a girl wud feel though
im sure u wudnt go for it
u here 13-yr-old-girl?
yah, i guess thats one way to look at it...cause if not, theyd be fighting all the time...cause they culdnt be with another man
i wonder if thery any queens that have bunch of guys lol
nah, never heard of it...guys r only ones who have more than one
do u want to be first girl who has a hareem of guys?lol
u better not/:)
good..i want to be the only guy in ur tent lol
yah really
yah i do like u...hope u dont mind 
thanks 13-yr-old-girl...ur super nice
so r u goin to let me come in ur tent?
yah i want to..but only if u want me too..i wont knock ur tent down to get in lol
alright..hey i gtg..i wont be back till late tonite...like 10..will u be on?if not..its ok
bye;)
heya 13-yr-old-girl>:D<
how r u?what u doin?
just readin email and stuff..so ur in a chat room?
nah..just dumb stuff lol...so ur chattin wit friends?
cool..did u come online last nite?
its ok, i did...but it was late..like 1100..what time did u fall asleep?
nah...i fell asleep on my comp lol
maybe ill get lucky tonite
by findin someone to talk to
k
np..can u talk?
ok, so what u mean ur a nobody?/:)
no u r..i just didnt think u want to talk wit me all the time
u prolly tired of me already
ah come on 13-yr-old-girl...i think u know i like talkin wit u
u show interest in me..that means a lot to me
well..i dont know how interestin lol..but i like chattin with someone like u who seems to care..honestly..and not all into themselves
yah, ur different...most girls dont give a flip..u seem to have a big heart
i bet ur next bf will be a lucky guy
cause...ur a awesome girl..both personality and looks 
and whoever he is..he better treat u right 
no..dont hope..drop his butt fast if he tries to mess wit u..he better spoil u...i know i wud
for sure...flowers, candy, clothes and whatever else u like 
nah..i like doin that...id love just to see u smile and enjoy whatever i got u
have u gone shoppin for school clothes yet?
so u dont seem like one of the girls who have to have everything..ur pretty simple?
yah, i picked that up..i like that, i bet u dont even have a temper or get mad much
cool...r u realy quiet and shy?
i like that...i dont like a girl is a loudmouth or always yelling and sceamin
so u hav any plans this wkend?
i dont know..maybe go to beach or go fishin at a lake
wish u culd come lol 
u like fishin?
cool...u ever been on a boat out on the ocean?
oh yah...u can see whales, sharks, otters
plus catch bunch of fish
i went to monterey last week and saw this otter with a stone on his chest crackin a shell..it was so cool
i wish i had a camera
i had my cell camera..but it dont take that good pics
do u have a cell phone?
thats cool...i bet ur on it a lot
so r u stayin home tonite?
yah, pretty much...prolly go to the gym again..do u play anyt sports?
oic..but u sure look like u keep in shape...looks like u have a nice figure, as far as i can tell
i try to...atleast 3 or 4 times a week..ive been lifting weigths for like 10 yrs
i culd bench press u like 20 times lol 
that wud be fun lol
i bet ur lots of fun to be wit..prolly neve a dull moment
thanks..hey i was lookin at ur pics..how come ur not smilin in any of them?
oh i know u do
really?cna i see them?
thanks:)
i thought u had a few pics?
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
for sure
ur like so beautiful
im goin to be sooo jealous when u get a b/f lol
the lucky guy...how come u dont have that pic on ur myspace
i think its the best one..eventhough i like the othres too
but i love this one
cause of ur smile
im goin to be lookin at if for awhile@-)
it kinda looks like u dont have top on it that pic:-O
ok..it just looked that way
oic..i wont let my imagination run too much then lol
so when will u be 18?next yr?:)
:((
well..i said i like u..but i wish u were 18
thats so hard to believe..cause ur so mature for ur age
i bet when u get to be 18..ur goin to be even hotter than now
will u wait for me lol
j/k..u prolly wont even member me lol
cause u will be so popular..guys will be lining out the door to go out wit u
but all i know is no one better take advantage of u or mess wit u in anyway...or ill kick their ass good 
well, i know i dont know u all that well..but i can tell u have a big heart and u r super nice..so i feel alil close to u
i hope not a bad weird
oic..well, thats good...i know there lots of strange ppl online..one time i was chattin with this girl for long time...found out she was a guy later lol 
lol..yah, cause it was like talkin to another girl  prolly
well, i bet u atleast felt safe lol...he was not tryin to pick up on u
can i ask u somthing?kinda personal
have u ever kissed a guy?
hmm..lucky guy..more than one guy?
where they ur b/f?or just goin out?
did u do more?hope im not gettin too personal..if so, u dont have to answer
ok, i was j/w..hope u dont mind
:)
u want to wait b4 u go further?like marriage? 
so if u met right guy soon, u might go ahead?like this yr?
just dont tell me if it happens:(
#:-S
but i bet things will heat up real soon..ur too sweet and pretty for a guy not to be wit u
just to u 13-yr-old-girl...cause ur special
cause u r 13-yr-old-girl..atleast to me u r..i dont know bout anyone else
but im sure u have lots of close friends
and ppl who love ya
cool..so why do i make u feel so special if u got them?
ok, i got ya...well i hope u feel comfy wit me..u can tell me anythign
nah..id never wud judge u sweetie..i have no reason and im not in position to do that either..hope u dont judge me either
u dont think bad cause of the age difference?
ok...that makes me feel better..as long as its cool wit u
yah, but i told u i liked u...so maybe im bein too nice?lol
really?so i dont have to stop likin u?lol
so u want me to keep likin u?lol
well yah..but its nice to know how u feel
ok;)
hey im goin to workout..have u had dinner?
cool..will u be on later?
ok, i hope ur own later when i get back
thanks babe:)
hey 13-yr-old-girl....never too busy for u
i just figured ur the busy one
how r u?
doing good..just payin bills..yuck..what u doin?
so ur not chattin wit anyone now?
aww..that makes me feel like superman lol
well ur chattin with me now...i hope i can put a big:D on that beautiful sweet face
yah...just like ur pic
u know what i did?
i took a pic of that pic wit my cell cam
hope u dont mind
13-yr-old-girl?
brb ok
im back
u seem like the busy one
kinda..just takin my time..i can do them and talk to u...r u still chattin wit the other person?
who is he?if u dont mind me askin?someone u met in room?
yah...im glad i ran into u so they cant be all that bad
so out of them now?did u have to iggy him?
hey..a bit of advice..when u get a job..dont get credit cards lol
they r too convenient...so ez to buy stuff
do u get an allowance?or money from workin like babysittin?
now what u doin?
watchin a movie?
oic..i thought u wanted to talk wit me:-S
thats cool...so u dont like babysittin and stuff?
i bet u like kids
i thoguth u did cause u prolly have lots of patience
do u have any smaller bro or sis?
just u alone?i bet u wish u had siblings
nowadays..most dont have big families..i know a few that had like 10 kids
but just think...since ur only child..ull get all the families inheritence...millions lol
cool...what do u want to do for career?
yah, its not important to know now
as long as u dont want to be a cop 
and dangerous
cause like i said its dangerous...and u have to have an edge..be kinda mean..not ur style
good..i dont want u to beat me up if u became a cop lol
brb..im doin laundry...again
here again
not too much stuff...if ur tired i understand
so can we still talk 13-yr-old-girl?
ok, thanks...im usually pretty good and doin more than one thing at a time lol
im glad ur not too tired to chat w/me
ill talk ur ears off
nah..lol..id rather hear from u better
hmm..lets c
whats ur fav color?let me guess..i say blue
i wud say crimson red..almost like a maroon color
dont really know why lol..i was hopin u wuldnt ask me lol
cause i have no real reason
i got booted
did u?
cause it says u signed back in
yah..so what nationality r u?
mex-american...latino..can u speak alil german?
yah..cept im not fluent in spanish...but i can manage..do u undestand spanish?
naranja is i think how u say it?right?
dame uno besito por favor
not a clue?
right!!
so u know some spanish
how do u know?friends?school?
a lil kiss
so u learned a new word...dont go askin any one else to give u a besito
so r u all ready for bed?in ur pjs?
so u have to go?:(
good..ur ear is still on the side of ur head
i havent talked it off yet
do u need to go slip into ur pjs?
ok, go ahead ill wait for u
ur done?
nice..u said ur hair is brwn..it looks blonde to me
i knew u wud say that
im sry
my bad..u forgive me
i am
i dont remember everything lol
i thought i asked u
ok, am askin now lol
yah, of course...the one i liked the most
no..sry..member what i said bout my comp
yah, i think i have to buy a new one..plus u dont realy want to know what i look like
idk..why wud u?
ok, fair answer
i kinda described myself didnt i?
yes i did 13-yr-old-girl...u forgot:|
ok, does 6ft tall help u rmeember
yah, i know..i hope to get a pic soon..brwn hair/eyes...some say i look like a mexican claude van damm lol
but witout the karate
have u heard of him?
maybe u havent
dsc again
im back..sorry
thanks...i have dumb dial up..thats proly why
u got dsl?
i wish i culd get it where i live
i hate dial up
im glad u waited for me
really?u did 13-yr-old-girl?
nah, id never do that to u
do u kind of think of me durin the day?
cool..but not other days?lol
ok, i feel bette now;)
i hope they r good thoughts
interesting huh?well, i feel like a professor lol
well...i guess ive experienced a few things
yah..have u been outside of cali?
yah, alot of places..oregon, tex, az, louis, miss, florida, mexico
neveda
i love traveling
have u been on a plane?
yah u do lol..ive been on alot of airplanes
i alwayes get window seat
takin off is soo cool
like a roller coaster..cept more exciting and thriling
yah im sure u will..have u been to disneyland?
aww..dont feel bad, i havent either..but i want to go someday..id love to take ya..i know prolly wont..but its the thought that counts
well..i wud if i cud..cause u shud have a chance to go
no..thats too far from now..u shuld go sooner
u mean with the baby?hes sick?
i hope hes goin to be ok
but still ur mom shud take u places, give u more time..in my opinion 
so do u go wit her?
and where do u go?
what?by urself?
hmm...so u stay there sat and sunday or just one day?do u have a dog?
and u dont go anywhere?
stay inside?
ah thats messed up
u must get bored
well, i hope u will let me keep u company online
does ur mom let some of ur friends come over?
just ot keep u company
that wud be better..i know i wud feel better
i know u lock doors..but u have windows too
well, even if u were 17 or 18..i dont like u by urself..u need a gun lol 
well..we live in crazy world
thats good
im glad ur not way out in country
do u atleast have a baseball bat underneath ur bed?
hmm..howbout pepper spray?
well im goin to be talkin to u alot then..if its ok wit u
im kinda glad ur alone..more time for me;)
so r u in bed already?
u got a laptop?
i do too..im in my bed..wudnt u be more comfy in ur bed too?
its ok, j/w..cause i was on floor b4 too..its more comfy now
but it might be more comfy for u on floor
not me..i love my bed lol
do u have a big bed?or lil one?
ok, like mine..i want to get a queen or king...i like stayin in motels that have a king or queen bed
but ur so small..u wud get lost in a king size bed lol
oh yah..its a blast..roll around all over it
u like sleepin on ur back or side?stomach?
my side...huggin my pillow lol
huggin my pillow..wishin it was u
u sleep wit lots of blankets?
cept whens it really hot right?
what kind of pjs u got on?
ah..nice, sounds comfy
and sexy too
hmm..i better watch my imagination lol..it wonders every now and then
like u know..places like how u wud look under ur pjs:">
well u asked lol
and i was bein honest
u didnt mind me sayin it?
u mean imagining u in a sexy way?
well i  guess..i dont want u to take it as bad
even if i say some things that might be considered lil naughty?
hmm..like if i asked u what u wear under ur tshirt?
hmm...ok, let me guess...panties?and no bra?
well, i do use my imagination to the fullest lol
and wit u bein so sweet it makes it so nice to imagine
but i dont want to go too far
i mean i wud like to go alil further..but i dont want to upset u or disrepect u 
well..i want to consider ur feelings
so if i ever say sometihgn wrong..slap me lol
r ur panties orange?lol
do u have any orange ones?
u need to get some...ur fav color
there not thongs r they?just regular?
ah those r hot
u gettin sleepy 13-yr-old-girl?
am i puttin u to sleep?
yah, i guess i need to let u go..plus get some sleep too
;;)
>:D<
nite princess 
i finally got my besito
sweet dreams
late?its only 1130
hey we stayed up till like 130am yesterday
yah, i culd have stayed up longer..but u wereI-)
dont be..im glad u did cause i needed to get to bed to
i didnt want to get up this morning lol
where u online earlier..like 4-6?
yah..i was hopin u wud be on...but i did see u were online in myspace
its ok, i know how much u like myspace
im not trippin
u mean tonite?
thanks..i like chattin wit u too...ur funny and carin at same time
yw..so did u have a good day?anytihng new happened?
good..tiring but good..im glad tomorrow sunday..sleep in alil
u meant today or tomorrow?
yah...i work most sat
yah...but i get a day off during week...so its all good..plus i get lots of vacation time too...like 5 weeks
im a manager for a truckin company
its ok, i wish i didnt have to work though..but i like to eat too lol
yah, but if i quit workin nobody goin to take care of me lol..its ok, as long as i get time off to do things
she needs to think of u more..in my opinion..is she married?u got a step dad? 
yah, i believe family is more important than money
i know..but im sure u dont eat that much lol
not like me
u prolly eat like a bird
yah, but to me ur more important than nice house
just like couple who just get married..then dont have much..but love is what keeps them goin
anyways....what u doin tomorrow?any big plans?
yard work..then go help my mom do stuff around her house..u prolly be wit ur friends again?
oic..it just seems like u have a close group of friends u hang wit
no lol..how wud i knw them?
i was just guessin...cause u talk of them alot..and u have a few on ur myspace thing
thats good..im glad u have lots of friends..but i knew u wud cause u have sweet personality
just dont let anyone take advantage of u
idk...like use u somehow
especially boys 
and girls too
oh yah..to make others jealous and stuff
u know..games
ok, im glad to hear that..but im sure u know of others that r like that
yah, ppl can be hella mean...or they talk bout u..or cant keep secret
yah..that shows lack of trust..which is important in friendships
i hope u can trust me..plus i have no one i wud tell anytihng to anyways lol 
:)...good im glad..but its not like u have done anything
yah..ur just a sweet lilO:-)
with horns..i forgot
cept i have yet to see u use those horns yet lol
idk..ur the one who wears them...how do u want to use them?
yah, but others wish they were like u..not wantin all kinds of drama
yah, i guess u can say that..maybe we can just use word "excitement", without drama lol
cause heavens know...u get me excited when u come on:x
yes 13-yr-old-girl...really?ur so special..hard to explain...very alluring..but ur not even tryin to be
like some girls try to hard..i like ones who dont try..yet r sexy in there own ways
r u gettin tired?
nah..but ill let u go...np
no..not at all..i love talkin to u..i like when u ask questions and stuff..i hope im not the one makin u sleepy
hmm..i dont see that at all..i think im the borin one
well i do try to keep things goin:o)
r u ready for bed again tonite...long tshirt?
orange panties?;)
do u have any in red..dark red?my fav color?
sweet...wud u wear them for me tomorrow?
u dont have to 
i mean u said "i guess so", so i just assumed u didnt like my idea
i dont know either...i mean i guess i just thought u wud do it for me
yah, id like that 13-yr-old-girl..i mean its no bigge..im sure u wear the all the time..i just think how sexy u wud be in them
that be cool if u cud model them for me:x
yah, i know...not ez to do lol..but whud u, if u culd?
ok, if u had a cam..wud u?
im just wondering if u wud do it, if u cud
yah, i just thougth it wud be exciting..but only if u thougth so too
yah, i thougth so too...i think u wud be a great model
yes..im sure others have told u that too
well, u heard it from me...so dont forget me when u become rich and famous
yah, right..i will be a distant memory:(
promise?
ok, i believe u sweetie..i know u keep ur word
maybe u will let me be ur manager
arrange ur work, scheduling, promotions, etc
and ur pay
and u know i wud get u good pay 
cause ur the best
yes of course...remember u will be rich and famous
hey..see how far we come from just askin u to model in ur panties
hmm...well..for me..not much lol
but for others...dresses, outfits
wud that be ok with u?
in my opinion u can...i have some great assests..especialy 2 things
i mean u have great assests
not me lol
well, first ur eyes...i for one melt in them
then..there is ur smile...my weakness
to me...those r most important things...why ppl say boobs r important is beyond me
i hate girls with big huge boobs
im sure some do..im just sayin what i dont like.my preference.and i think other guys think same too...big boobs is overstated 
sorry..dsc again
im back:)
did u miss me?
what size r u?if u dont mind me askin
now that is what i like...hopefully u wont get too big...maybe 34c?what size wud u want to be?
i like 34...36 tops..and smaller cupnot like d..but i have my reasons
ok, im goin to be kinda blunt..hope thats ok
well...i like them kinda small, cause i can suck them ezier
well u asked lol
plus it helps u too
makes them get bigger
me suckin on them
see, u learned someting today...i think it has to do with massaging the brreast muscles
stimulate them
ur gettin tired huh?
nah..im all up in ur pretty face
will u still chat with me?please
13-yr-old-girl?
now where did u go?
guess u fell asleep
hey, what happened?
im the one who gets lost
just movin?to where?nevada?
where u on floor like b4?r u comfy?
ok, so now ur like one step from fallin asleep on me
so were both in bed..ha ha
yah, ive been here for like an hour
i dont even remmeber what we were talkin bout..do u?
oh yah...ur boobs to be precise lol
anyways..sorry bout that
i guess ur upset...nite
hey
well, u didnt say anthing..so i just assumed u were pissed and left
where did u go?movin again?
bout what?
ive said alot of things lol
which part?
yah, ok, but what in particular..dont be shy plse..just tell me
ok, like the suckin part?
well, that is a very natural thing..a very pleasant thing to do 
yes, so passionate and sexy...very intimate
i love suckin agirls breasts...for a long time
yah, well..i figured u wudlnt have much to say after that lol
np..i was just trying to describe the feeling a lil bit
hope u didnt mind
i usually massage them first..then kiss them gently
yes, intimate and very sexy..i like doin it with lots of emotion and passion
cuppin the breasts, lickin the nipple
anyways
i tnhink ur very tired now
its ok, u dont need to apologize
its late for u
good, sleeping beauty needs her rest
have u ever played yahoo pool?
i know..i was thinkin next time
goodnite 13-yr-old-girl
ah i love ur goodnite kisses..thanks:-*
nite
hey:)
how r u?u busy?
aww...i hope i can brighten it up a lil>:D<
really?how?
aww...well i cant stay too long.but im stayin a lil while cause ur here
yes..for u..id do anything for u
if i culd, but i know i cant do much..but just chat wit u
thanks 13-yr-old-girl...i do enjoy talkin wit u, u add lots of spice to my day
what time did u sleep till?
ah..was it hard..why didnt u tell me last nite u had to get up early...i kept u up too late, im sooo sry
see how sweet ur r...ur quite the girl..i wish u were my girl8->
hey, i just tell u how u make me feel...so special..u didnt have to stay up, but u did..
cool..i try to keep things interestin for u..but dont want want to get too crazy
well..u know..too descriptive of certain things 
so u thougth me talkin bout the breast fun?lol
ah..but not fun..i got u
well, what the .......?u can be so cloudy sometimes lol
well..u said interestin and i said fun..so i figured we had 2 different ways of sein it
cool..i know since uve never done it b4, so i can see how u said interesting
cause its new
yah, but it makes sense...lots of massagin and stimulation
i hear a womans breast r really sensitive
so urs rnt sensitive?
wow..that is awesome...do u touch them alil?
do u nipples get a lil hard?
i bet they r so beautiful to just look at..let alone to touch and massage them
but i know u cant suck urs lol..only touch
hmm..more like impossible i think
it wud be much easier if i did it for u lol
nope..did u try?lol
wow..right now u tried?..i wish i culd see u try
not much..just gettin ready to head out...i wish i culd stay and tlak with u
i have to go do some work at my moms house..member?
well, id rather be wit u
can we talk later?
cool..u have a nice day babe
hello 13-yr-old-girl:D
nm....just hopin u wud im me
yah...i msg u last nite..but u didnt respond..i did it on myspace, so i didnt know if u wanted to talk wit me
yah, it was really late though..like 1230..but it said u were online, maybe u werent on
same as here
so u were on last nite?
i dont know..did u?
it was me silly
i thought u recognized the name
its ok, no bigge
u prolly were busy anyways..and it was late
well, now i know..but i didnt last nite cause it said u refused it..so i didnt know what to think
its ok, brb
hey there..so anyways, its all good...i know u prolly get tons of im in both yahoo and myspace...im just glad u take a lil time for me:)
thats nice to know...i made the top 12<:-P
did u do anything fun today?
work again..not much fun there...lol..the went to gym again tonite
yah, pretty much...i got to see a nice girl there
cept i dont even know her name lol
i talk to her a lil, shes the receptionist..but i guess im too shy to even ask her name lol
but i think she kinda out of my league anyways..shes a hot blonde
is that right?lol...i only wish u were right on that call..but i dont think ill get the time of day wit her or anyone else for that matter
well..she did wave bye to me as she left..so maybe there is hope 
she has a pretty smile...but not quite as awesome as urs
infact...she doesnt even come close to u in any catagory
yes way...shes blonde, but ur hair is prettier than hers...she has blue eyes, but not like urs, which mesmorize me
and ur skin looks alot softer than hers..but most of all, ur personality outshines hers..
plus ur sooooo much friendlier
shes kinda stuck up alil...ur way from that
ur not at all..infact like u said, u might be alil too friendly
yah, ppl can take advantage of it
u dont think so?
lol..well, nuthin wrong with that..lets start havin some fun
yah, i am..i was just messin wit u...member i can talk ur ears off
so
what u doin?
so ur a health nut huh?
like chips and cookies..what r u fav kind of cookies?
hmm...prolly oatmeal raisin..u prolly think yuck lol
i try to eat healthy..i love bananas
i bet u love banana splits
u wud be an ez date lol
no fancy restaurants for u..just dairy queen
i like that lol
what if i wanted to buy u one of those live lobsters to eat?
realy?have u tried lobster b4
ok, so ur not one of these girls who get all skirmish bout fish and slimy things?lol
ok, so u wont suck down oysters?lol..those r real slimy..i love them
oysters on a half shell
to me they r..they say they r good aphrodisiac stuff too
i think thats how u spell it
yah, i spelled it right..i looked it up
uve never heard of the word?
u sure u didnt just look it up rightnow?/:)
well?did ya?be honest 13-yr-old-girl
lol
its ok, it dont matter..u culd have just asked me what it meant
there will be a quiz tomorrow by the way
on the aphrodisiac virtues of oysters
so they say...maybe im goin to eat like 50 of them lol
they prolly do help..cause they r all natural...and im sure they help the body, espeically blood circulation
im prolly boring u
we can tlak bout sometihng else
ur just bein nice 13-yr-old-girl...u dont really care bout sexual desires from oysters lol
ok, but i dont want u overdosing on oysters now that i told u8-|
maybe ill put some in ur soda lol
yah, i guess u wudnt drink it...the taste wud give it away lol
ok, forget that idea..leave the oysters at home
yah, but u did say u wud try them
now..that can be a big statement 13-yr-old-girl...i dont think u want to try drugs do u?
well, i hope u dont..ive done them in past...but of course im not goin to tell u what to do..but i hope u wuldnt
well, depends which drug ur talkin bout...weed, coke, magic mushrooms...i didnt do them all of course..like i never did crank or meth..which r relaly bad news
not really..i dont even like takin presription meds..i mean i use to like weed, use to smoke lots..but i feel lot better wiout it..i hate the paranoid feeling
so as of now..ur not plannin on takin any drugs?
cool...i mean i dont want to sound like im naggin you or like a parent...but im tellin u as a friend
:)
but there other things u can try once;;)
hmm...guess
nm
i was just thinking silly
bout me
hmm...like u and me...like i said, crazy and silly
so what u goin to do tomorrow?
so u have to be there early?
well, i dont mean like 6..but its prolly still earlier than u want to get up...prolly starts at 9?
yah, dont want u fallin to asleep in school already..it hasnt even started
well u have fun tomorrow..sweet dreams
me?im not tired..its not even 12..ill prolly stay up till 1
yah, i got booted right after i said sweet dreams
what bout u?i thought u had to go tosleep?
now?or u stayin for alil bit longer?
yah, i understand..i just like chattin wit u
yah, but i always put u to sleep it seems like lol
ok...u still eatin chips?
i know how i culd put u to sleep so ez
if i gave u my one in a lifetime professional massage lol 
id have u meltin in my hands
oh yah, either wit lotion or witout
it wud take all that stress u have lol
ur suppose to say..what stress
yah..like that, seriously u dont have any worries do u 13-yr-old-girl?
thats good..cept for the normal stuff?like boys:|
yah, i kinda figured that...u seemed alil different these last few days
oh i didnt mean it in a bad way..i know ur ok..just different
no problem
dont be sorry
no reason to be
its all good...just becareful..once again, im not tellin u what to do..just thinkin for the best
yah, but the boys better treat u like the princess u r
yes..to me u r..but u know how i feel bout u...dont u feel like one?
Princess 13-yr-old-girl8->
is my dream girl gettin really sleepy?
r u in bed already?or on floor?
with tshirt?
ok, sory for keepin u up
goodnite
hey u
im here:D
i just jumped in the shower real quick...i did that another time b4?
yah, i waited but figured u were busy or something..and i wanted to get in shower b4 to late
and im glad u stayed
i tried im u :-Sin myspace again
but it said u refused it or something to that effect
so im not approved?
it said u were signed on
ok, all i know it said u were on..i dont know how myspace works as well as u do....i just wanted to ask how ur orientation went
k
k
so u want me to msg u on myspace?
yah, i used the msg thing today..and sun nite
really?let me try
if it dont work than we know why
brb
ok, im back
u here?
yah, it said u were online...does anyone else have acces tour myspace?
its all good, it prolly some dumb glich
u mean me?
yup..im ur friend..ur buddy
yah..i guess so
well, i mean yes..its just that was first time u called me a friend
kinda caught me by surprise thats all
u mean on yahoo?
ofcourse i did...but then i got other pplon there too
bug i consider u more special than them
but not bug lol
yes...of course u r 13-yr-old-girl...very special
so how did orientation go?u never told me
i want to know every detail
lol
cool..what color is it?is it for PE?or just to wear?
u mean in myspace?
ok, i doubt if ill msg u again on myspace lol
yah, and ill just wait till u get on yahoo to talk wit u
im glad ur happy bout school and stuff
lol..so what time u have to get up in morning?
wow..thats early...does ur mom take u to school?or do u have to take bus?
do u have to walk home?
why do u hate buses?all ur friends yellin and screaming lol
just a big party
yah, i can picture u sittin there all quiet...and all this comotion and chaos goin on
thats cool.especiallly if it rains or cold
u mean ur friend robyn?
u mean in myspace?
i dont know, maybe i will..i just dont want to fool wit it..yahoo is good enough for me..ur only person i use myspace with
lol..thats true..i need to get on..i promise ill work on it..but u dont really care to see what i look like 
cause if u do want to really see it..ill really try to get a pic..just for u
u seem like in good spirits tonite
yesterday u seemed kinda different
what where u nervous bout?so its a different school than u went to last yr?
ok, other one must have been really old?
true..lol..what time do u usually get home?like 3?
ah wed is cool lol..come home and take a lil nap..or grab some chips and pizza
prolly beats the food at school..but with new building, might mean better food
hey, by the way...i found that girls name at the gym...lena
no..im not that fast lol
tomorrow is her last day workin..she goin to stanislaus state for school
yah, it was weird cause she was really freindly and talkin to me, playin wit her hair lol
maybe ill ask her for her email add..just to keep in touch
hmm....does ohh mean thats good?
or just ohh?
wait one lil min buddy
u guess..i used that b4 and it meant a red flag went up
when i said i was ur friend..i said i guess
and u said...u guess?
lol
ur cute
im not tricky..just a lil smart at times
ok, can i ask u something?
i kind of sense ur not too thrilled bout me talkin so much bout lena?is that right? 
hmmm
u can be a tough cookie to crack u know
well..u talk in parables
sometimes
like i have to read into things u say
yes u
there u go again
i love talkin to u
ur challenging
maybe not to others..but it seems u do to me...but i culd be wrong
is that good?
ok, ...now back to u guess talk
i just want to know sometihng
ok, u said were friends right?
nuthin more?
lol..thats it, answer a question with a question...now whoes the tricky one?
u answer my question first..then ill answer urs
what?i havent given u enough clues?
i think i just bout announced it on cnn
but i dont know ur feelings...and i dont want to sound like im pushin u 
i just assumed u wanted to be just friends...and nuthin more
well...i like chattin wit u and i hope to get to know u better..and maybe become more than just friends...but thats me...what bout u?
hmm..ok, so i take it..that means u want to be good chat friends?
wait 13-yr-old-girl lol....its not all bout me here
so ur just kinda shy to say things like i did?
hey, i hope we can be close enough so u wont be so shy like that..just say what u feel
maybe in time u will get to know me better u think?
ok, so feel free to say whats on ur heart and mind ok?
yah i do..is that cool wit u?
why did u laugh?
why u nervous?cause of school?
yah, i mean it..what bout u?do u like me any?
alright...hey its gettin late
ur prolly sleepy
yah, i hope we can talk
infact i have day off..so i might be on in afternoon if u got a chance
oh by the way...im not goin to ask lean for her email:) 
no its not ok
cause i just want to be talkin wit u
dame uno besito por favor
mmmm...gracias senorita bonita
hey, ur gettin pretty good
whoes teachin u?:-S
ok, dont get too close to the boys in school..u might catch something ok?lol 
thanks sweetie..sweetdreams...ill be thinkin of u
8->nite
:-*
heya princess, how r u?
doing good...i just got home lil while ago..i was hopin to catch u earlier..sry
yah, pretty much..got to sleep in, go run a few errands..so good day.and u?how was ur first day?
yah, i thought u were all pumped for it..no big opening day gala?
and whatelse?
long?i htought it was half day
lol..i hope u make it thru the year....cause u have a loooooooooong way to go 
oops..sory lol
thought id just rmemind u 
but hopefully i can lift ur spirits up a lil:-*
i did?how, i havent done anything lol
ok, im glad i can entertain u:o)
well, then if ur happy, im happy
and if ur sad, im sad
yuppers..im happy as a pig in slop..u happy cause school started?
i hear u on that...its like me gettin a day off from work..id rather just hang out too
i had fun today on my day off, went to the mall, went to the junkyard
i had to get a part for my car..u like goin to junkyards?
uve never did like it or never gone?
ok, its cool...lookin at all these wrecked cars lol..pulling parts..lots of fun, u shud go sometime
it is...like u said, u like to try everything atleast once
for sure...and its fun.mayb not clean fun, u can get alil dirty...but im sure u dont mind a lil dirt lol
yah, its cool...especially if u find the part lot cheaper than auto store..kinda like finding a treasure..thats what i want to do someday, go pannin for gold
yah, u got it..thats why its fun
i went to the mall first...but that was just ok..im sure u love the mall
just bought some socks and jeans...wish u were wit me, i wud have bought u tons of stuff
hmm...clothes, perfume, shoes...u like purses? offering gifts again
have to?its not cause i have to..its cause i want to..and u better let me too/:)
cause i wud be super pumped just to see u get stuff that u like
oh yah...i think its far better to see u smile and laughing..then me gettiin anything
well, u know that ur the only girl i wud do this for
yah, cause ur special 13-yr-old-girl..cause u make me smile..not many girls do that for me
yah, i love talkin wit u.ur so receptive..u never say anythign bad or negative
cool...i dont know if ill ever get the chance to buy u those things..but believe me, if i had chance i wud
yah, but id love to realy do it...but i think u believe i wud do it
brb
sory..im back
thanks babe
so anyways..i wud definitely get u all those things i mentioned..in a heartbeat...id love to spoil u
if u wuld let me
yah, but like i said, i wudnt do it cause i have to..im doin it cause i want to..i just like givin to u
i just hope u wud take whatever i got u
well, i dont know how many ppl think that...but im only glad u think so:)
good, thats all that matters to me..what u think
did u have lunch already?
yah, i had arbys..what did u have?
just pretzels?why were u nervous to eat lunch?
u dont like eatin in front of ppl?
ok, some ppl dont...so if we ever ate out..u wud eat just a lil?
or a lot?
ok..hey do u have a mp4 player?
nah...i just use cd's..but i figure u wud like one?
but not now?
alright...dont matter what kind?
or u have a fav?
but i do know it will be orange
so i have to do some searchin for a orange one..i hope they have one in that color
what wud be ur second choice of color?
dark or lite?
ok, do u know how to dwnload songs on to a mp player?
well, im sure u will find out how when i get u one
me?idk babe, im not good when it comes to comp stuff..ur the whiz
in some things, but ur smarter wit comp and other gadgets
so when i get one for u..how can i get it to u?i dont think mailin it wud be good thing to do 
hmm:-?
i culd hide it under a tree lol
and hope no one finds it 
or squirrels run off wit it
it wudnt be funny, if it really happened lol
that wud be sooo sad
lol..oh great..but id rather pic u dancin
u just dont want me to get it for ya:(
idk, i hope im wrong and u will let me get it for u
well..yah, i really do...ill tell u what..im goin to get it first..that why it will give us time to think how to get it to u ok?
yah i want...thats why i mentioned it...just wanted to see how u felt bout it
alright..i think im more excited than u lol
good..i know they have some at wallys or i might check out ebay
so do u have to got to get dinner soon?
ok, will u be on later tonite?
nah, im goin to look thru ebay
im no hungry yet
catch u later
:-*
hey 13-yr-old-girl..how u doin:)
doing good, just jumped into bed a few min ago
well not expectin to sleep..just sittin up on my bed
yah, pretty much..went to gym..had good workout, then came home, walked the dog..took shower....now gettin comfy
hmm..i dont know if i told u..i member askin if u had one..and u said no
u wud have to ask lol..hes like mix..pit, shep, boxer, maybe sometihng else too lol
hes like medium size, not too big, not too small...hes name is rascal
yah, well, he can be a rascal too lol..do u even like dogs or u like cats more i bet
i dont care for cats too much...rascal loves to chase them lol
yah, right...i think he just likes to mix it up with them..he prolly wont hurt them..one time he surprised a cat while we were walkin, u shud have seen that cat lol..like a cartoon, he went straight up in air and back at same time
nah, he got away..they all do..thery too fast for rascal
i want to get another dog, to keep him company while im at work
i wish u had one..espeicially when ur alone
yah, i know..still, its a good insurance
yah, i member u tellin me that..how far will she be from u?
ah, so like 2-3hrs away?
how come u dont go wit her?
busy?doin what?
in modesto?modesto is borin, that i know 
yah, modesto is just over hill from san jose..have u been there?
yah, like i said, not much out there..realy hot place in summer
r u goin to bed earlier tonite?
ok, i thought u might be kinda tired cause u had to get up early today
yah, u seem alil slower compared to last nite..u were all hyped last nite
can u stay just a few more min?
thanks babe
im sorry, i shuldnt call u that
idk...didnt know if u wud mind
cool:x
it just fits callin u babe
im glad u like me callin u that
oh by the way, i got ur mp player all picked out
yup...its a 2gb ipod
holds up to like 500 songs
is that enough for u
no..i wudnt kid u babe
comes with color scrrn
screen
grrrrr...dont u even go there
thank u
only thing is its white..but im goin to get a color cover for it
like changin the plate
i just glad ur excited bout it
just talkin wit u..why
im lookin on ebay too
no, not yet:(
but im lookin for one..im not one for pictures
u really want to see what i look like?
what if u think im fuggly?:-B
maybe i can get a cam..and let u see me that way..might be easier lol
either way i hope to get something soon
i guess u havent figured a way for me to get u the ipod yet huh?
u tell me babe lol
we have some time to think though cause it will take like a week for me to get it
but i know i cant mail it..or come give it to u personally..that wont work
no to which one?
well, cause if u got something in mail..ur mom will ask lots of questions..and i dont think u want her too
infact when u get it..will she ask u were u got it?
i hate for u to lie..but..
tell her its a friends?
lol..i just suggested that..u might have better idea
http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&ih=003&item=130019488875&rd=1&sspagename=STRK%3AMEWA%3AIT&rd=1
check that out
u like it?
it has lots of things i dont know bout
but im sure u can figure them out
what u doin?
hmm...thinkin bout what?
me?oh oh...i hope they r good thoughts
ok, thats cool then...but u dont want to tell me exactly ur thougths?
i hope u dont think i have any bad motives 13-yr-old-girl...i hope not, cause i dont
thanks..i appreciate that..makes me feel better...i culd never do u wrong in any way
and if anyone messes or hurts u..X-(
they better know how to run fast lol 
just to my dreamgirl
yah, u r
is that ok?
u laughed?maybe i shud wake up?lol
i make u nervous now?
ok, i hope not..i want u all comfy wit me
cool..r u gettin tired yet..i dont want to keep u up much longer
ok, get some good sleep so u can be sharp for school
goodnite
no..why?
just u
cause im still on msg?
im goin to get off..i just leave it on by habit
babe, ur the only one ive been chattin wit lately
u goin to think of me tomorrow?
good, u will be on my mind too
when?right now?or when ur on my mind?
o how sweet u r..how u care for me..how seem to alwasy be here for me..all good stuff
and how BEAUTIFUL U ARE
when i see a pretty flower..i think of u 
hey, i better let u go
dont get me started lol
well, u make my day is so much better with thoughts of you
goodnite babe
hey...i miss u
hey 13-yr-old-girl...i wish u were here.
i hope ur doin good. i am out of town and cant get online:(
i just happen to come to some place that has a comp but i have to leave soon, i will be online late tonite bout 1100 i hope u can be here..cya, miss u
hey...why did u leave?
i just got on and u left?:(
hey r u here now?
lol..ok, im sooooo glad ur here
i missed u bunches
for sure...the days werent same without u
long story lol...first i had to go out of town..fresno, for business meeting..then visited my sis in stockton...did u get my offlong msg?
i know, i tried usin my laptop but for some reason i culdnt get online..i was pissed cause i culdnt talk wit u
im so sorry babe...less u didnt notice me gone?
really?
a lil or a lot?
yah, finally
r u home alone?
aww...i hope ur doin good..not feelin too alone
aww..i wish i culd keep u company>:D<
well, i dont likeu alone..u know that
well, i thought of u alot..i wish i culd u tight
yah, just to keep u warm and safe
u cudl fall asleep in my arms
are u sleepy now...i hope not
ok, i understand if u have to get some sleep..its my fault for comin on so late
for sure..im goin to just relax..what bout u?
hang out where?at home?
what did u do today?
ah babe..i feel so bad cause i wish i was here for u
cool...do u have a pool also?
lots of ppl have spa...then they jump in pool to cool off
so u go in spa in ur bikini?
wow;)
my supermodel girl
no?:(
ur not my supermodel girl?
well, to me u r...i mean i think u can be a model...and i hope u want to be my girl
ur the sweetest..most beautiful girl i know
only to u babe...i dont even care bout any other girls...u make me soooo happy
i mean u wait online for me..when u dont have to...that says alot of how much u care
yah, i tried my hardest to get here when i said i wud, i didnt think u wud wait for me...thank u babe:-*
well..only cause i missed u sooo much...i needed my 13-yr-old-girl fix
i just enjoy talkin to u every min
ur never borin or dull
plus ur so smart...way smarter than girls twice ur age
trust me babe...im now tryin to butter u up lol..just sayin the truth
cuase ive talked to a few girls
yw...i sure love to hear ur voice oneday
hmm...what if i called u instead
cause..it prolly be better, dont want my number on ur bill
id still fell better if i cud call u...but if ud rather not..thats ok
for sure...that i know
is  she comin home tomorrow?
oic...so maybe i can call u tomorrow?i hope im soundin too pushy, if not, its cools
ofcourse i want babe..or i wudnt ask lol
i just want to say hello..just to hear ur voice..i wont take much of ur time
thank u sweetheart:)
so what u doin now?
ok, ill let u go then
u sure?cuase ill keep u allnite if u let me lol
i know u did babe...ur the sweetest..thats one reason i like u alot
most girls wudnt do that
heck no..they dont care like u do
plus u even stay up wit me when ur sleepy
how can i not want me for my girl
want u lol
im tired too lol
just a lil...talkin wit u gives me energy;)
yah..u make my heart race
thats why i said i wanted to hold u..hold u realy tight
but not too tight lol...u need to breath lol
but it still wud be fun holdin u
id love to see u sleepin...u wud be like sleepin beauty
i wudnt disturb u at all..just stare at u for long time;)
well, i might play wit ur hair a bit lol
thanks babe...i wont pull it or anything..just run it thru my fingers..id even like to comb or brush it out for u
ur hair is so pretty, so soft
yw...u can fall asleep on my chest..infact, im big enough to be ur whole mattress
i prolly wudnt even feel u on me
yah, me too..my sis took some pics so im goin to have her email me some
im sorry, i got booted
u here?
yah, same ole stupid yahoo
but i think my comp is sooo slow
yah, but not when im talkin to u
did u get on myspace today?
not too much?i figured lots of ur friends get on wit u
i love ur site...i love lookin at ur pics
hope u dont think im odd
cause im always lookin at ur pic lol...
im just admiring you
and u know how ur eyes just attact me
i can get lost in them
r u goin to church tomorrow?
oic...cant someone pic u up?
how?
yah, u need to do that cause im keepin u up so late
i cant help it..
well, i just think how sweet u wud look fallin asleep in my arms, wi my brushin ur hair as u sleep
it wud relax me too
then i wud give u a lil kiss on the forehead
and i hope u havent forgot the mp player im gettin u
yes, of course...i always keep my word babe..that u can count on
well, u know i wont be doin this for just anygirl..only one special one
do u listen to air one any?
yah, its pretty good..i like this one new song by jars of clay..called deadman..have u heard it?
yah, its realy catchy...when i get u ur player, u can dwnload it 
that means u will have 999 more songs to download, cause i think im goin to get u 4gb one, not 2 gb
but dont know yet...they have so many i havent decided yet...but i want to get u the best babe
i just want to see u smile babe
make u happy
good...that and hear u laugh alot
i bet ur laugh is sooo pretty..i think i will tickle u laugh
i think ur gettin sleepy
really?u wud let me?
cool...especially ur stomach...i bet thats ur weak spot
and u culdnt stop me either lol
but i wudnt make u laugh so hard to point u wud cry...thats mean lol
but the only way ill stop...is if u wud give me a besito
8->
ur kisses will be soooooooooo sweet
culd i have more than one?
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!
yummy
i wont need any food..i can survive on ur kisses
just like eatin honey
i cant believe no other guy hasnt told u that 13-yr-old-girl...ur simply irresistable
u make it so ez for me to fall for u...u dont have a mean bone in ur body
thats why i wont ever treat u bad babe..never, ever...all i want to is be good to u, protect u
yw..u will make one awesome wife and mother someday...i know that for sure
yw...i will be soooo envious of ur man..really jealous
but i dont think i wont want to know...cause i will :((
hey, its like 230 lol..i know u have toothpicks holdin ur eyes open
i can tell..ur sentences r soo short lol
its ok
yah, i know that..i wish i cud sleep next to u..just sleep, nuthin else..i promise lol
i hope u have a nice nite and sweet dream
yup...what time u gonna be here?
hmm..proly like 12-1..is that good for u?or later?
alright...im so lookin forward to talkin to my baby
goodnite
:-*
heya:)
lol..u already told me hi 
heya again
how r u?did u get enough sleep?
yah, i got up like 1130...how bout u?
wow..why so early?u didnt get much sleep
is everything ok?
u think so?hmm..that doesnt sound to assuring...what might be wrong?
oic..well ok, its just seems like since u culdnt sleep
and u said u think so
so they left room for sometihng wrong
ok, just checkin..r u goin to be on for a bit?i need to run to store for a few min
like 15 min
sorry, i was goin to leave u an offline msg but then u just came on as i was bout to leave
oh by the way, heres the mp player ur gettin..i just won the bid..its not blue..i hope u dont mind pink
http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=150026791488&ssPageName=MERC_VIC_RSCC_Pr4_PcY_BID_Stores_IT&refitem=150026791395&itemcount=4&refwidgetloc=closed_view_item&usedrule1=StoreCatToStoreCat&refwidgettype=cross_promot_widget
we can change the skin to blue if u want
thats why i took so long buyin one cause i was lookin for blue
but i figure pink is cool too
better than black
its nothin babe...i love doin it for u
i hope i can do lots more for u too
id do anything for u
if u let me ofcourse..and im not lookin for anything in return either..just u being here is all i want
babe?
ok, u just got quiet
not yet..im payin for mp3 player..im done now..now im goin
i wud have told u im leavin
i wudnt just leave witout sayin bye
ill cya in a lil bit
bye for now
thanks babe...did u miss me?
that sure makes me feel good to know that>:D<
sory i took longer than i thought
r u doin anything?
lol..dont get it wet..then we wont be able to chat..u want me to leave u to ur dishes?
good..do u have other chores to do?
oic..so she expects u to do lots of cleanin up?
ur so nice to help ur mom...u want to come over and help clean my bathroom?lol
im a big procrastinator...i hate cleanin up sometimes
so i can blame u for not cleaning up lol
im j/k...id just rather talk wit u than anything else
did u go into the spa today?
i havent been in one for along time...does it make u feel good?
does its get ur skin all red?
so is that why u get in for just a lil bit?
can u fall asleep in it?
then u wud be cooked like a boiled chicken
i like chicken;)
u wud be one sweet chicken..yummy..white meat 
have u eaten today?
let me guess...pizza and chips
babe!!!!!!!!!thats not a meal..thats only a snack
yah, but not very filling..less u have like 3  bowls like i have
what kind was it?super sugar bomb bombs?
rnt u goin to eat somethign else?do u have anything in the house?
ok, maybe ull get hungry later
well, pretend im there wit u
u can even put out a plate for me
yah, id love to have some of ur good cookin babe
aww..id love that..id like to help u too
yah, that wud be lots of fun
cept it wud be hard to concentrate on cookin..my eyes wud be mostly on u
u wudlnt mind?
it wud be nice to sneek up to u from behind and give u a big hug 
put my arms around ur waist and brign u close to me
ok, ill change the subject lol...u all excited bout school tomorrow?
idk, thought u didnt like me gettin too fresh 
too flirty
what wud u do if i did hold u from behind like that?
wud u turn ur head and kiss me?
well, i just wud hope ud want to
ok, i guess ur just kinda shy?
i guess mostly when i talk bout things like holdin u?
i just feel so comfy with u thats why i say stuff
so do u think i can talk to u on the phone?
alright..when can i call u?
i think it wud be better if i called u..if not..its ok
yah, and i feel the same way too..so i guess we will have a mexican standoff..np..i understand
well, cause im an older guy..and if ur mom or granny or anyone else find out my number..im cooked big time
well, i know that babe..but i dont even want to take a chance...i know u prolly dont understand
im sorry babe..it has nothin to do wit u..cause i really do want to just say hello
nervous?in what way?u think im tryin to hide something?
im sory 13-yr-old-girl..i have nuthin to hide honestly..and i understand ur position too, i mean u say u trust me and comfy with me, but at same time u dont really know me
ok, so im just curious why i cant call u?i mean ill accept it..im just curious
no way lol..ill only call when ur home..ur mom is last person i want to talk to lol
lol..thats why i wud do for u too
well, i trust u babe..but ive been burnt b4 and told myself id never do it again
let me count the ways lol...my number given out, girls who land up to be guys..so now i dont give out my number at all 
im here
i got booted again
i can call u?
thank u babe..i promise not to ever call again or do anything dumb
do i call ur cell?
can i call u now?
alright ill be callin u now
u here 13-yr-old-girl?
thanks for lettin me talk to u on the phone:)
thanks..u sound wonderful..i love ur voice8->
i was kinda nervous
cud u tell?
yah, u sure sound alot older though..like 19 or 20
very sexy voice:x
most girls voice is hi pitched..urs is not
no, its just opposite...very good
like i said very sexy
im glad ur not afraid of me lol
hey..u here?
where did yah go?
>:D<
did u get booted?
wb babe:)
anyways, to answer ur question...im not doin anything..just talkin to u?dou have to go?
what?no way..how come?
so...u have school tomorrow, thats important too
r u upset?
ok, but ur all alone?
ok, just thougth u didnt like it cause u get bored
hey wait...uve been talkin wit me..that means im borin:(
helpin?but not enough
theres proly someone else that cud be better company for u
i know, i wish i cud keep u company..take u somewhere
just to get out
yah, it sure wud be, it wud be lots of fun
hmm..i dont know, go buy an ice cream..movies..park..anything u wanted to do..just so u can get out some
maybe all of the above
but its all up to u
ill be ur chaffeur
really?that wud be awesome..it wud really relax me too
u wud be in it too i hope
then things wud really heat up 
well, by bein next to u
yah..id want to get realy close to u
wud like that?
yah, i bet it wud be lots of fun in the spa
im so sory..im havin big comp problems
i apologize 13-yr-old-girl
r u here?
thank u..im sooo sorry, i didnt mean to just leave but like i said, im havin big comp problems
yah...i guess im runnin out of apologies
ive said im sorry too many times
ur prolly gettin tired of it
i know i am
i know i dont blame u if u did
ur too patient 
i dont deserve talkin wit u
so if u need to go i understand
yah, but if i cant even stay online im only makin it worse for u
i hope u will still stay on for a bit
without me?:(..thats not fair...i want to be there wit u
yah
i know it wud be nice
i havent been in one for a long time...but id sit in an empty tub, as long as u were in it
yah, i think so, dont u?
hmm..idk, fun splashin around wit u
ok, i dontknow what other fun u might be thinkin of
ur not serious though bout me actually comin over r u?
yeah, thatb cool..but u said ur neighbors watch..idk how smart that wud be..they see me for sure
oic..but i meant me comin to ur house...if i was invisible that wud work
boy, id be really scared lol
cause what if someone sees me or ur mom comes home...what if i meet u down the street first or something? 
well, yah...idk 13-yr-old-girl..i want to..but i wud be sooo scared
oh for sure...if i knew i cud come wit new problems, believe me i wud
no
wondering what?
well, i was just thinkin of doin sometihng that u wont be bored..get an ice cream, walk, movie...wasnt thinkin hot tub
it wud be fun...i know that..just didnt think of it originally
i guess i did didnt i....but just kinda got lost in conversation i guess
well yah...it is, i mean its terrific, wonderful...but id be super nervous bein there
thanks...i mean id love to..but if feel so weird and all..im glad u understand
oh for sure...trust me 13-yr-old-girl..i dont know of anything else id rather do than be there wit u
if i had a crystal ball and cud see clearly that it wud be ok, id do it..but i dont have one 
y it wudlnt what?
like i said, just keep u from bein bored
np 13-yr-old-girl...im just kinda really surprised u wud want to see me i guess
ok, i hope ur not upset at me
cause i wudnt come over...im just thinkin of the whole pic thats all
wait..let me just say its not matter of me not wantin
i want to..its just its alil too risky thats all
i culd get in big big trouble u know 
for just bein in ur house wit u
cause ur mom isnt home..ur alone
well, im just tellin u what im seein..u dont want me to get in trouble do u?
ok...well, i better let u go
bye
13-yr-old-girl?
im gonna tell u the truth ok?
u may not understand
i just find it strange that u wud want me to come to ur house alone...in other words, now please dont get mad..its just like im being set up
no, i mean ur trying to set me up...askin me what i want to do in tub wit u...i guess i just have overlery cautious mind
well, i wudnt want to be in a tub wit a guy lol
just a girl silly
look 13-yr-old-girl...i like u, but i wud never do anything to disrepect u..nuthin
i hope u dont hold it against me
or feel any different bout me?
idk, just askin and makin sure
cause i want us to communicate how we feel
well, i better let u go then...i hope u still want to talk wit me later
heya 13-yr-old-girl:D
glad to see ur in good mood
cool...did anything happen to get u smiling?
well, now that sure gives me a tingle or two:)
nah, not at all...why wud i be mad for?
funny?i was just bein alil cautious..i hope u understand
yah, sometimes we have to play it smart...so have u got caught drinkin?
good..its not really a good thing to be doin too much of
im glad u watch that
yah, i figure the more u do it, the more chances u will get caught..like gambling, sometimes u win...and sometimes u lose 
thats why i dont like gambling...i hate losin lol
so what time is ur mom comin home in the morning?doesnt she have to work?
all the way from modesto to ur place...ur near petaluma right?
david: all the way from modesto to ur place...ur near petaluma right?
ok, im not too familiar with that area..is that past napa?
y what?
oh, just curious...ive been up there a few times..its nice..but just dont remember exactly the towns there
it must be like a 4hr drive from modesto
2and half?hmm..thats bein optimistic i think, plus there is more traffic in morning fo work..is she goin to be abel to take u to school?
oic..can i ask u something?
i know i asked b4..but what happened to ur mom and ur dad?divorce?
thats soo sad, and ur mom dont have a b/f?
oic...does she leave u alone alot?
cause she goes to modesto alot?
no grandpa?
sory to hear that...did u know him any?
ah..that sounds cool..so hes been gone for awhile?
thats good babe...i bet u were his fav
u mean the one in modesto?
how old is she/he?
ah..just a baby..i bet u love ur lil cous
especilly since u dont have any bro/sis..thats ur only cous?
wow..thats so weird, such a small family...mine is huge lol..too many cousins lol
yah, sure is...but now they r all over the states
u said u were born in cali?what city?
wow..so u havent had to move much atleast
im sory bout that...ur voice is so different
and like i said, it sue sounds like ur way older
u sure ur not older 13-yr-old-girl?plse be honest
yah, but ur voice speaks older
i dont know, it just does..like i said, most girls voice r like hi pitched
urs is raspy
no, u dont understand
not bad raspy
like very sultry
brb
back
sorry
why was it hard to hear my voice?
o i gotcha lol
when where u talkin to urself?
right now?
but babe, i just said i liked it..i just said it is olde voice, not bad voice
very sultry
yw
maybe ur just ahead of ur peers i guess
i mean i dont talk to lots of youinger ppl..but i hear them as they walk the streets or in the stores
13-yr-old-girl...if i was there id put u over my knees lol
i never said ur weird:-S
no, ur just so advance beyond ur years
no, not really, thats why can talk wit u...cause u seem older
usually i culdnt talk wit younger person as ez
well i mean weve been talk for a few days, and i have no problem at all talkin wit u...ur very open
cool...so u wont get tired of me?
ok, im goin to member that..and hold u to it
until some romeo comes and sweeps u off ur feet lol
some guys can be real slick u know lol...im not slick at all..im all thumbs
lol..atleast make it look close lol...so u were in a room today?
when i left?ur the one who had to go babe
ok, i was gone for awhile cause of my stupid comp
i dont blame u, i understand
its ok, u dont have to apologize....plus u can go in the rooms, i dont have anyright to tell u not to
well, i hope u still feel same way for me
:)
r u still my dreamgirl?
does :)=yes?
ok, i like assurances everynow and then
ur typin somethng?
oic..im not doin anything..lol..just waitin to see what u were goin to say...what r u doin?
to say someythbing?
ok, have u eaten anygthin since cereal?
pb and j?
oh
peanut butter and jelly sandwich?
thats not much better than cereal lol
didnt ur mom ask u what u have eaten?
now were talkin good stuff
r they flavored bagels?
alright..yummy
yah, i love bagels
yup...it wud taste better if i was there sharin it wit u
that be fun..takin bites out of the same bagel
for sure...lots of cream cheez
id love to feed u some..then get the cream cheez all over ur face
now that wud be looots of fun!!!!!!!
o yah..ur face wud  be soooo creamed
yuppers..creamed 13-yr-old-girl
yah, tasty lol
i might mistake u for a bagel..and start to eat ya
no babe..i wont bite...least not too hard lol
i will do more lickin anyways
so is it good?
mmmm..i wish i cud c ya chewin
so sexy when u eat 
why not..ur movin ur mouth?thats sexy lol
lol..ur sexy huh?admit it babe
yah, but its the way u chew
no, just the way it looks..ur tongue movin, ur cheeks movin
then again..i think anythin u do is cool and sexy
r u drinkin milk wit it?
my crystal ball
no, thats definitelhy not my style
i know babe
but id love to see ya
good for u..r ur doors locked?
im glad, but still be safe babe
check the windows to ok?
do u leave the outside lite on?
yah, i think u suld 
back lite too ok?
i wish i did come over now
i wud have slept on ur front porch
id be like a watch dog....nah, i got day off :D
i didnt know u had a cat
u said no pets
really?when did u get him
well im happy for u babe, though i wish u had a dog
oh no...why?
how old is he?
dont u have to take it to vet for checkup and shots?
i guess, ive never had a cat..dogs r my pets
no fish either..they die on me
what did u name him?
i thought ur cat is male?
lol..well, its ur cat..u can name him anything
i thought scarlett was girls name?
maybe not
isnt that the name in gone wit the wind
so where did u get it from?
he wont know difference babe
so uve never heard of that old movie..gone with the wind wit clarke gable?
the girls name was scarlett ohare i think
i dont rmemeber gables name
i shuld, but it slips my mind now
looked what up?
ok, cool...ur such a good mom lol
now i feel bad..cause ur changin his name cause of me
so what u goin to name him now?
maybe the guys name from gone wit the wind?
hmm..idk lol
let me look it up ok, hang on
well, i found out scarlett ohara was a georgia belle
damn..i cant find his name
oh well
im sure u have another name
hmm..not really..id hv to see him...try to find something that matches him
u forgot?
its ok, im a manager at a truckin company
now u memmber?
its ok babe...im just givin u bad time
no, why do u say that..its not that important
weve talked bout lots of things
cant memember everything
rhett
do u know what i just said?lol
lol
no babe..rhett butler is name of gone with the wind character
u r soo cute sometimes
that was too funny lol
its a good redneck name lol
but u should think bout a name that u like
why?cause i said it?
ur the sweetest 13-yr-old-girl...u know what?
u make my heart skip a few beats sometimes
u like make me smile so much
it takes a special person to do that to me..someone that i care for
hey..dont u have to get some sleep?
i know..i love it..and if im not careful..im goin to say..i love u too
but i will check myself
well, i dont want to mislead u or give u wrong impression of me
well..cause it wont be right
ok, i just find myself lovin to talk wit u
more and more
is that wrong u think?
cause of our age difference?
anyways..u better gets some sleep i guess
what?sleep?me?
yah, but im not sleepyyet
just check out ebay i guess..can i ask u something?
be honest ok?
which i know u r
im not talkin to any other girls now...u wud prefer that right?
well, i want to know ur feelings..cause i care how u feel
trust me u r babe..more than u realize
yes...cuase u mentioned bout me goin to sleep lol
i sense u might think im goin to chat wit another girl
true..but like i said, ur feelings r important to me
i culd and will never hurt u
and ur my dreamgirl
ur so beautiful 13-yr-old-girl
there is no girl that comes close
and im sureu know that..cause ive told u b4, hope u like hearin it again
i hope u dont get tired of me tellin u...cause im goin to tell it to u alot
will u be on tomorrow?
yah, i dont know what time
u can leave me offline msg too...i will leave one for u too..if its cool
u have a good day tomorrow at school ok
goodnite
;)
im so sorry u had so long for me...but thanks babe
i hope ur on soon, im gonna jump in the shower and will be on in a few min
:)
its ok, im sure u were exhausted
just waitin for u
did u get my offline msg?
no, its ok babe..no reason to apologize...u need ur rest
im sure u had a long day
lol..no u didnt..u prolly wont be able to get back to sleep later lol
it was good, did lots of running around, bank, store....regular stuff...and urs?
well tell me what made it so good
mad for what?what did u do?
how did she find out?ur friend told on u?
yah, but all u said was u werent feelin good
good...did she make it back early to take u to school?
so u got in trouble when u got home from school?
well, atleast it wasnt in morning b4 school..wud have made school not much fun
well, i wish i culd tell her u a lilO:-)
but i think ill pass for now lol
ill just tell u that
who is he?
what did he say to u?
good..some guys r so lame
tell me if he sends u another msg
cause, i just want to know...less u dont want me to know
u can be so mysterious sometimes lol
idk, hard to explain..like u say something like y?then say id tell u lol
yup...u got that right
member, im the dog sleepin on ur front porch 
just throw me a bone everynow and then lol
good..anyone else msg u?
so ur just chattin wit me?:)
>:D<
wb
good, finally u and not me
its weird, my comp is actually runnin good today
when?
no, not at all..just talkin wit u..and lookin in ebay and emails
yah lol..too much prolly
nah, just ur mp3 player..i buy shoes, shirts, and now im lookin for nutritional supplements
if u ever see anything u want on ebay..just tell me and ill get it for u
hey, what did i mention b4....im not doin cause i have to.but cause i want to..i love if u let me get u something
i hope u know its only for u that i want to see smile
good..as long as u know that
so do u need to get to sleep now?
no, not at all..i was hopin i culd talk wit u more..but i dont want to keep u up
busy?wit what?
i am doin laundry...again..whoopee
atleast i didnt have to do dishes#:-S
hows scarlett?
oh yah, rhett lol...i think its wit double t
i dont mean to correct you...sory
u can call him rhet
hes ur cat
so hes not sick anymore?
yah, hes a kitten...im glad u got him..keeps u company
does he sleep wit u?
really?ur a kicker?lol
wow..maybe u have some crazy dreams...think ur a kung fu artist lol
have u ever sleep walk b4?
yah, as a small kid...i kinda remember walkin around and seein my parents lookin at me
yah, they say its not good to wake a sleep walker up
do u member lots of ur dreams?
not to many..im a heavy sleeper..how bout u?
but r u a heavy or lite sleeper?
well, if ur lite sleeper u will hear lil noises..me i can sleep thru earthquakes, rainstorms lol
u mean last nite?
oh yah, u were alone a few nites..where u scared?
im glad ur a brave girl
i was hopin u wud be scared, so u wud come runnin to me lol
yah, i guess that will have to do
sorry, i went to let rascal in and checked my laundry
u tired?
ok, i prolly shud let u go
nah...i got lots of sleep today...ill be good till one prolly
but u get up earlier than me
ill keep u up all nite if u let me lol
if i was realy there..we prolly talk all nite lol
thanks, and so r u...i like listening to u
ur funny, entertaining and ez goin
yw...so if u need to leave me to sleep i understand
yah, me either
nite
i thought u where goin to sleep?
yah, but u culd have been talk wit me until then:(
its ok, i shuldnt be so demandin anyways
im sorry
well, ill watch myself so i wont do it again
goodnite babe
hey 13-yr-old-girl..how r u?
doin good..im not doin much, gettin ready to go to gym in a few min
but not just yet...u sure u ok?
ok, just checkin
ok
yah, i love workin out..been doin it for awhile now
nah..just checkin emails..i aint chattin wit anyone
plus my comp is so slow..its horrible
so did u do anything excitin in school today?
hmm..thats not a good sign
yah, im sure u will get with it soon
whats ur fav subject?
really?that was mine..i love history
yah, i have to say i was..how did u know?
well, not in everything..i just liked history..im surprised u like things like that
yah, it is..i like civil war stuff, war stuff..u know, guy stuff lol
yah, thats cool..which time period?
yah, that was crazy period..so uve been to egyptian museum in sj?
ah, u need to go there..its soo cool
ah, its got mummies, articfacts..bunch of stuff
yah, im surprised u havent gone on fieldtrip
hmm..its been so long..i guess the artifacts
so do u like museums?
cool..so do i..especially in sf..art museums too
im sure u go there on field trips?
why?what happened
ah..that sucks
forgot bout what?
oic..well, maybe u can go this yr
yah, i member that..u still hurtin over that huh?
thats good, no sense in dwellin on what culd have been..jsut hope u can go another time
yah, for sure..why did u not go to camp again?
for what?
oh yah..wit that boy?
yah, i member readin ur blog on that
yah..ohh
u forgot ur blog didnt u
yah, i read it
and u know i have a question dont u
why did u tell me u dont have a dad..yet on ur blog u say "parents"?jsut tell me the truth..why the game?
but why the freak do u have to lie to me bout it?i think ur not tellin me something 13-yr-old-girl?
look, im only mad when u dotn tell me the truth..cuase i dont see why it wud matter if i knew u had a dad or not
yes i wud, if u explained it to me
i thougth we were freinds
ok, then just tell me then
im not goin to say or do anything
ok
and?
but what does that have to do wit lyin to me?
u told me u never seen him
but what has he done to u?
13-yr-old-girl?
tell me
he hit u?
does he still?
so hes not there now?
so he must of just left then?
but why?i mean u said thats what u want
yes he is babe
but that doesnt give hinm right to hurt u
why what?why ur dad left?
just remember they r ur friends...and like me, they care for u
dont be embarass
no, not at all..just dont know why u didnt tell me truth
please do
well, i think im perfect person..cause i wont tell a soul
scared of what?
yah, i culd have told u that
no, not at all..cause hes still ur dad babe..no matter how bad he gets
sorry, i got dsc
thanks
did u say anything i missed?
no, i just saw when u said..u miss him
whoes ema?
she must of freaked out?did he hit u hard babe?where?if u dont want to say, its ok
ok
no, im jsut here to listen..something like that im not goin to push
im not in ur shoes
so where did he go?plus i dont knwo why ur mom left u alone knowin what just happened
thats what i mean..she shud have made u go wit her..if u wud have told me that i wud have come for sure
well, thats serious
yah, now u r..thank God
but u never know
i dont know ur dad..and i dont care if i got in trouble bein there..i dont want u alone 
yah, now she is
didnt u say shes goin away again?
ok, that wud be better
well yah, u wont be alone
oh?oh what?
no, tell me 13-yr-old-girl..dont be that way
grrr
hey, i dont feel sorry for u..im concerned for you..i wont lie
i know u r..but im here for u
yah, sorry, my comp again went south
k
ok, r u by urself ?
nah, im here
not busy..my comp is just so slow nowadays
i need to take it in
what were we talkin bout?i forgot
no?i must of been gone by then
oh yah
now i member
and i said, who am i goin to tell?
b happy?whats that mean?
yah i know..but im thinkin im happy
good, i hope so
thats why i hope u can tell me anything
i wont tell anyone..like i said, who wud i tell
nuthin..waitin for u to talk lol
same ole..work..nuthin new..i cam home and thougth u wud be here
so she wudlnt let u on?
like what?
r u in ur room?
ur door closed?
she wont barge in wil she?
so shes not hip to what ur doin?
so shes not good wit comp?
lol...good for u
hey, will u be here for while?
for a bit
ill be back..will u be here?
thanks babe:)
im sorry
i was puttin groceries away
hello babe:)
nah, not chattin at all..like i said, i was puttin groc away
ur only one i chat wit
oh yah..mixed nuts, power bars, bananas, cereal
lasagna
the kind u just stick in oven lol
i can do that real good lol
lets c what else i got..gatorade
strawberry flav
have u tried that b4?
ah u got to try it babe..its the best..not too sweet like the fruit punch
but u prolly like sweet taste lol
oh by the way, thanks for waitin for me..unless u were here for soemthign else
aww..ur the sweetest>:D<
oh so uwerent here just for me..i take the hug back 
lol..j/k
i know u were for me..thats why ur my special girl
no one wud do that for me
u dont have to
well, cause im sure u have other things u wud rather do
stuff?like cleanin up ur room?
i bet it dont get too messy
thats cool that ur not messy..do u have a big room?big bed?
so ur mom doesnt care how late u stay up?
yah, but doesnt she tell u to go to bed at certain hour?
oic..i just dont want u to get in trouble stayin up so late
did u take anothre nap like u did yesterday?
ok, j/w...or maybe u catch a few nods in class lol
when u get ur mp3 player..r u goin to take it to school?
yah, i guess..idk what else to say, do u?that u found it?
i can put scratches on it
make it look old
but then it wont be new..and i want u to have a nice new player
its up to u what u think will be best..i hope u still want it
of course, i got it for u..but i just want to make sure u still want it
cool:)
r u already in bed?or on the floor?
in ur pj's?
u sound really comfy
atleast u get 3 days off this weekend?right?
that will be cool for u..any plans?
wow..thats sounds like lots of fun..at a park or just a house?
i think ur gettin sleepy huh?
thats why, ur body is gettin relaxed
look into my eyes..ur gettin sleepy
i can tell cause ur not typin as fast lol
but its all good..u had a long day
so u goin to stay up for me a few min?
no, nm..ur too sleepy
yah, but ur only doin it for me
well, i mean what bout u?
its not all about me
but ur the sweetest above everything
u alwasy put a smile on my face cause of ur kindnest to me
see. u cant even type lol
have u been drinkin?/:)
wow...hittin the hard stuff
u better lay off it for a few days
stick to milk
so r u goin to want to talk to me tomorrow?
yah, im usually on
lol..when u dont have much to say...i can count on ur smiley face
really?i do?
that makes me feel like ah..special
really?u mean that?
now im goin to sleep with a big smile on my face..and u in my heart and mind
thats why ur my dreamgirl..cause i think of u when i sleep
yah..cause ur the last one i talk to so ur on my mind
and nuthing but good thougths
lol..like ur smiling face, ur pretty hair..ur funny laugh
all kinds of things
but most of all...ur kindness and sweetness to me
with the thougth, maybe u shuld call it a nite huh?
lol..why the sad face babe?
why?so u cud stay and talk withme?;)
well, i wish that too...but just the thougth of knowin u want to is almost as good as u being here..like i said, u will be in my heart
goodnite to the prettiest girl in the world
cause u make me feel special babe
as long as u know ur special to me too
yes..come on now..u know that
but i dont mind tellin u again and again..if u dont mind hearin it
good, im glad...cause i dont want u to forget it
nite
mmmm...icing on the cake
a kiss from u
:-*
goodnite
hello 13-yr-old-girl..how r u?
doing good...ur just ok?i hope u had a good day
yah, pretty much it was good..nuthin new..i did wash my car lol
anything new happen at school?
oic..do u have lots of hw?
cool..was it alot of work?do u do it on ur comp?
r u here?
there u r...what happened?
mom?r u in trouble?
ok, so u had to switch ur screen?
nah
just doin laundry..and tryin to sew a shirt
well..i try
took me for ever to thread the needle
so what r u doin?
im tryin, im tryin..id rather hear from u
and ur day
well, only one day of school..then u get 3 days off?
wait..2 more days
sorry
nah, i was just sewin a hold near the neck...nuthin major..im done..yah
thanks...i think i did a good job myself lol
but i wont do it for a livin
im sure u culd do a much better job
it was ok i guess...but i bet ur hands are lot more nimble
id rather work on a car, then sew
well, when i have to..nuthing major...just the basics, oil change, tuneups..infact, im workin less on cars now..easier just to take it to mechanic
cool...did u go with her?
nah, i knew he was ok, just a kitten..not at full strength yet...just like a lil baby
u had a cat b4 named scarlet?
was it a female or male?
ok...u just wanted another cat named scarlet?
so u kept the name for this cat too?
so u didnt believe me when i told u?/:)
u just talked bout it wit her?
yah, im sure they have to put it on the paper work
what name did u tell here?
yah, just like i mentioned
plus ur last cat was female and named scarlet
how come only u know how?
how did she hurt her side?
he put the hole in ur cats side?how?
so how do u know he hurt her if u didnt see him do it?
oic..did u tell ur mom?
i guess it wudnt help too much
so u didnt tell anyone?
yah but its good just to get if off ur chest
im glad u told me
thanks babe, im glad i can be here for u, if u need me
r u getin sleepy?
nah, me either..its only 11..u know me, i stay up till 1..but u get up earlier than me
so u get sleepy earlier
really?surely nuthin i said lol
all ive said is my sewin skills 
thanks...i try to keep things movin
so whoes ur best friend?
oic...is she on ur myspace friends?
really?oh wait..she has a different name though?
its like emaleth or something?
but u call her ema?
i dont blame u
its lot easier
u were asleep?
ah..u shuld have stayed asleep..u prolly beat and needed to sleep
oic..not good to start  missin school already
and he lives far?cant he take her to school?
oic..so how long where u asleep b4 she got u up?>
that sucks...u suhd have stayed asleep
yes, i do..i was on earlier hopin u wud come on
yah...i mean i do have other ppl on my list..but id rather talk wit u
the other girls r not as nice
a few..not a lot..maybe 3 or 4
but like i said, theyre not like u..not even close..they dont show any concern or real interest like u do
u seem like u really want to talk wit me
they dont
im just tellin u the truth 13-yr-old-girl...i mean its no big thing, if it was..then i wuldnt tell u i chat wit any
infact i have most to see me as invisible
not when ur on..do u think im invisible with u on?thats not true
and i said most cause the ones i leave visible..they dont even msg me..so i dont even bother
cause i come on as invisible, but they i change right away
well u r..i told u that..and i dont think that will change..less u want it to
ok, ur number one with me
there isnt even a number 2 to be honest
or 3
or 4 lol
so ur the one and only
do u member what i told u last nite?
well, just bout everything how i think of u
really?all day?wow..thats weird, cause i did too lol
yah, u were on my mind alot today
did u sleep good last nite?
good...im glad my dreamgirl slept good
yah, member i told u bout it last nite?u forgot already?
of course i did..why wud i say it and not mean it
good save cause i was goin to tell u sometihng lol
that dont compare me wit other guys lol
and thats why i said, good save lol
u said the right thing
im tellin u, ur lots smarter than u give urself credit 
i think u will do good in whatever u choose to do later on
lawyer, doctor, teacher
just not a cop lol
yah, elementary school?
yah, i know ur great wit the lil kids
cause u seem to have lots of patience
yah, as much as i can know u online
thanks babe..i try to be, no sense in bein a jerk..enough of them around..dont need to add to that number
especially towards my dreamgirl
so id u ever need anything...all u have to do is ask
and its urs
thanks, just lettin u know just in case cause we all need a close friend and protector everynow and then
i can be ur SUPERMAN lol
leapin tall buildings, movin trains to get to u
and not even kryptonite will stop me from gettin to u
i just hope i have a clean shirt lol
oh yah, and i just washed it to lol
i must be gettin ready for some hero action stuff
u will be the lois lane..but lois aint got nuthin on u
ur smart like her too
hey, superman says u r
and what superman says, is always right
so dont argue wit him
like the song says, u dont spit on the wind, dont tug on supermans cape
really?when?
do u know the artist?
leroy brown, thats the character
jim croce is the singer
no, i saw u typin, so i was waiting
13-yr-old-girl G: oh
yah...i was wondering what that stood for?
hmm..i dont know bout everyone...but i see it
whats wrong
why?tell me babe
no..u best tell me
dont even go there
well?
bad?ok u need to really tell me the story here?
yes, i think its just when u let someone add u
but please tell me what it means
hmm...no u cant, u just dont want to
i hope so..i have no reason no to 
ok, im so wondering now lol
u peeked my curiousity
ur name isnt 13-yr-old-girl?but starts wit g?
oic..well, its not bad..lots of last names start wit g
i dont think anyone can guess it
let me try..golden?
gore
gunner
guine pig
getty
is it a hard unusual one?
geek
lol
no hints?
ok, if u dont want me to know..its ok
its cool
np
yah, but i cant call anytime
yah, i know...so i wont call
ok..and u told me u live in santa rosa..but im not goin to come lookin for u..trust me..its too far anyways lol
hey, its gettin late..dont u think?
san jose
ur like hour and half away i htink
how far r u from sf?
ok, then ur like 2 hr away, cause sf is like an hour from sj
me think ur pooped
prettymuch...i had fun wit u tonite:D
cool...im glad..and u will be on my mind tomorrow for sure
nite
ah...besito dulce
>:D<
hello 13-yr-old-girl...glad to cya>:D<
yah...same here..was wonderin if u were gonna come on
oic..makes sense..did u come on lastnite?
yah, but i guess u had already gotten off..it was like 1115
u must of been pretty tired..what time did u fall asleep?
wow....u were knocked out by the time i got on
hmm..i dont think so, infact i fell asleep with the comp on my lap
so if i was chattin wit someone..i fell asleep on them
but i dont think i was..some girl left me an offline msg..but i didnt respond..this was like half hour ago
not really..ive only talked to her like twice...she wasnt too interested it seems like, she was doin hw..she goes to college
anyways, im talkin to u, not here
her
u r alot more interesting
thats..we do seem to have good conversations
same here...ur never borin..thats why i miss u when ur not here
realy?says who?u dont here me say that do u?
well, i wud ignore u if i thougth u were borin lol...but i wudnt do that..cause i look forward to talkin to u
i thought u might leave an offline msg last nite...i was hopin u wud even get on late or something
hmm..im pretty sure u didnt..u prolly left it for someone else
well, u might have and just thougth it was for me
its ok
i went to a friends house and played some pool
i did ok, i dont play often enough to be that good..just like shootin hoops, im ok after i play awhile
lol..i like doin different things, bowling, raquetball...inm sure uve bowled b4
r u good at bowlin?
i bet u use a lil ball..realy lite weight
and uve played pool b4 too?
hey i thougth we were goin to play yahoo pool?if u want, if not its cool
yah, i like it..but only if ur up to it
nah, im sure it wont..do u have dsl?
does umm translate into yes?
or no
what?u dont know lol...can use the phone while ur online?
ok, then u have dsl
its ok, who got ur internet setup..if ur mom doesnt use it?
ok, i was j/w..it dont matter, it was a dumb question on my part lol
well, now u know u have dsl...so its better for playin pool...u will be ok
u were doin hw?im sorry..maybe i sud let u do ur hw
oic..can u get it back if she walks in?
ok, i thnk u hav to accept invite
inorder to play
there..do u see table?
ok, uve said u played  b4?
hmm?lol
so u havnt played..i had a feelin u didnt
let me break ok
i right clicked to bring stick back
ur shot
13-yr-old-girl?
u there?
u have to use the right click on ur mouse to bring stick back
then release it
=D>
there u go
ull pick it up quick..u will be kickin my butt soon
ur turn
;;)
lol..yah u will
like i said u will beatin me soon
what u mean duh?just for that, u wont be me ever lol
ah u win!!!!!
i hit the 8 ball in
i lost lol
thats what i get for sayin what i did
but i had no choice..u had ur balls all over the place lol
ok, u can move white ball anywhere behind the white line
no
u have all kinds of shots babe
just brake them up
=D>
we shud save that ball
u here?
hit the purple one
its ok, i was just tryin tohelp
see how nice i am to u hun, i hit one for u
hmm..now it looks serious
i best get my butt in gear
what?now u think u can hit them in all the time lol
lol
ur still beatin me bad
ohh what?
u have only once choice lol
no..green
can u shoot?
move stick?
what?where did it go?
i still see it
#:-S
:-O
wait
u have to choose which pocket u goin to make 8ball in
see that red arrow pointing?
there u got it
just dont make it in lol
thank u loll
:(
:((
lol..u kicke my ass royally
uve beaten my twice?
first one didnt coutn
count
i gave u that one
but this one was legit
u picked it up fast
how bout one more?
thanks, i cant leave a loser lol
ah so ur agreein that im a loser?hmm
i know..ur too nice
lol
i dont think that works 
:-O
i think ur a professional 
is someone else there playin for u?
:-S
ur not lucky
ur hot
ive never played anyone as good as u
but uve played b4?
u must of
u smoked me
well, u sure member fast
where u good then too?
hmm..remind me not to play u for reals
i need to take my time more i think
i rush it too much sometimes
ah, dont flatter me babe
i stink
one more game ok?lets c if u were just lucky or what 
not many choices for either of us
i hope i can take advantage of it
:-P
did u like that last shot babe?
i banked it in
did i do better?
thanks hn
hun
r u gettin sleepy?
nah, i took a lil nap earlier..but i can tell ur tired
thanks for playin wit me
what u doin tomorrow?
sleepin in..clean up around place, then prolly go to sis house for dinner..what might u do?
cool...when u goin to picnic?
sounds like fun...so like after church?
ok, well, i better let u get some sleep
nite
yah, cause i cant sleep..prolly for like 20 min or till i get tired
i wish u cud stay up
but i know ur very tired
well, no one at this moment...im just lookin thru usual..email/ebay..if someone msg me, i might talk, but id rather talk with u
yes...why what?
no..tell me 13-yr-old-girl....y id rather talk wit u?
cause..i love chattin wit u..ur so sweet and nice to me...ive never met anyone like u
yw...ur one of a kind, thats for sure
so u still goin to bed now or can u talk wit me for a few min?
really?how did that happen?
well, im glad u did:)
but i feel bad cause im keepin u up
well, i know ur sleepy..but im glad ur keepin me company>:D<
u always warm my heart up
see, no other girl wud stay up wit me like u do babe
thats why ur so special
why do u want to stay up just to talk wit me for?not is my turn to ask that type of question
ok, so im just interesting?thats all?like an interesting book?
how?i thougth u r happy already
mostly?but?
ok, so maybe i just make u happier?
ok, so is it cause im funny?
thanks 13-yr-old-girl..its really not hard bein nice to u..i dont know how else anyone can be but nice to u
well, ill tell u what..i hope i dont catch anyone not bein nice to u..ill set them straight real quick...ur my dreamgirl
i think of ur sweetness alot durin the day
yah, especially when day is rough or ppl not smilin..i think how sweet u r..and it brings a smile to my face
;)
hows rhett?is that officially hes name?
yah, it is his name huh?
so u named it cause i said it?
aww..see, how can i not think ur special babe?u did that cause of me...:)
i usually dont care for cats..but urs i do
cause hes urs
i wud protect him too
what?ofcourse not babe..why wud i hurt him?
that wud only hurt u..and i wud never hurt u
i have to tell u what happened one time i had a cat lol
i got him while at the store cause some girl was lookin for a place for him
anyways
i was asleep and he comes and starts scratchin my head with his paws
and picked him up and threw him against the wall..i didnt mean it..but i was asleep and just reacted
it was an accident
he didnt get hurt..
now u think im mean?
yah, its like someone punch u while ur asleep..u just react
he wud lick my head too..felt like sand paper lol
13-yr-old-girl?u fallin asleep babe?
i know ur here...but r u dozin off?be honest
u mean rhett?what u think bout him?
o u mean scarlett?
dont think bout it too much babe..be glad u got rhett
cool...no one will hurt him...does he have a collar?flea collar?
u sud get one soon..cats can be flea condos lol
but u dont let him outside?
so i guess he dont need a collar yet
does he sleep wit u?
yah, u might crush him..i member u tellin me that
hard to think of u crushing anyone or anything lol
so what u think bout?
ok, it just seemed ur mind was kinda occupied
its ok, ur prolly sleepy...drifting off in dreamland
thanks for stayin up with me alil bit:-*
i think im gettin kinda sleepy myself now
nuthing..just sinkin farther in my bed lol
oh yah..since we started chattin..and u?
ah..how come u dont get in bed?must be uncomfy on floor
lol..thats ok, i wud understand..ill wait here while u get in bed ok
yah, go for it 
get comfy..that way we both fall asleep lol
no..i was waitin to c if u got in bed
ok, im glad ur off that floor
so if u stop typin, that means u fell asleep?
hmm..maybe ur already asleep lol
ah come on..tell me..no secrets lol
really?when was this?could i see it?
nah, ur just asleep..im sure u look good...please babe..let me c it
ok, thanks:)
ill ber right here, not goin anywhere lol
hang on
aww..ur soooo prettty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes..ur beautiful
r u realy asleep?
no, i mean in the pic?
yah, cuase i can see ur eyes still open
ur eyelashes r long..they look fake lol
im sry..i didnt quite say it right
i thoguth u hair was straight..so its curly?
well, ur goin to sleep in the pic, so im sure ur not cncerned bout it being brushed
just like right now...i bet its just hangin down, all over
lookin at the pic...makes me sleepy lol
cause u look so comfy
thanks again for stayin up with me..ur sooo sweet to me
u didnt have to
i was stahyin up anyways, u were here for me
nah, not at all..all i wanted i got...YOU
nite 13-yr-old-girl..sweet dreams
hello 13-yr-old-girl..surprised ur on, i was kinda away from comp
well, ive been on for awhile..didnt think u wud come on..was cleanin house up a lil
but glad ur here>:D<
really?
that is so good to hear..u always say the right things
well, maybe not to others..but to me u do..so then its all good lol
so what did u do today?anythign fun?
so u goin over there late?
when r u goin?
why not..r u nervous or somethign
ok, j/w...so ur not spendin nite?
oic..so u will be home later tonite?
ok, so do u think we culd talk tonite?
so u like when we chat?
me too..alot
yah, im sure u know that 13-yr-old-girl
maybe u just like hearin it maybe?
oic..well i enjoyin tellin u things, cause im pretty honest how i feel
but i notice ur kinda shy wit urs?
yah, i guess ur right..cause u did say u think im nice..so i guess thats cool
thanks...i guess i like hearin more lol..but maybe im askin for a lill too much lol
silly?no not at all..i value everything u tell me...its all important 
unless ur kiddin around
oh idk, whatever..i was just sayin when were talkin, sometimes were both messin around, joking
yah, i like jokin too..but thats one reason i like chattin wit u too..ur not all messin around..u have a serious side...a touchin side
i like touchin ur soft side
no..not at all..i wont do that..it wudnt be right to mess with ur feelings
yw babe
hey i gtg unfortunately..im sure ur fixin to leave soon too
bye..cya later 
hey u here?
i just got ur msg, its lilke 100am, i must off dozed off
heya 13-yr-old-girl>:D<
yah, i got ur msg...did u get mine?
was it in ur freinds room?
what thing?
o i dont even know bout that
im so sorry
my comp totally went south i had to reboot..and it takes forever for me to get back on
not at all..why wud i be mad for lol?
nah, u stayed overnite at ur friends..im glad u had fun
r u practicing so u can win some money from someone?
ah, ur good already..u dont need anymore practice
u lil hustler
im glad u were nice enough to sneek me that msg last nite
u too a big chance
took
really?my comp is so lame i dont have any games, do u have lots?
yah, i want to buy a new laptop..but the good ones cost alot
hey...is that a new pic?----------------------------->
ive never seen it...so thats why i thiought it was new..u look sooooooo beautiful;)
hey, i just say the truth..u look so refreshing in ur pics
yah, of course lol
u never heard that expression b4?
yah, i get it form an old school song by kool and the gang..."she so fresh, exciting"
no, never..uve been holding out on me
any what?pics?
yah, u sent me the one where ur fallin asleep, that was a few nites ago
then another, of u smiling
member cause i wanted to see one of u smiling
let me c it 13-yr-old-girl..please
aww..ur so cute
not goofy
its kinda blurry just a tad
was that last yr?
when?cause it looks like its raining
dont think it was raining?i can see its all wet in backrgound
hmm..maybe not lol
culd just be picture
so that pic is recent?
nah, i told u its not..its cute..i love it
i love ur suspenders...nice touch
why do u say that?
cant u just add some more?
well, if u did, i know u will get lots of responses from bunch of guys
what makes u so sure...im a guy, i wud know lol
u want to bet?
sure..just dont answer all the guys who msg u lol
im j/k 13-yr-old-girl..i have no right to say that..u can answer all the request u want
ok, when r u goin to do it?
really?wow..so u did it b4 i even gave u my opinion huh?
really?so no other guys can talk to u?
ok, so u will answer some...just ones u like
ok, i dont know much bout myspace, so i guess im kinda clueless on most things
so u do get msg from guys though?
oic..u mean from school?
and others u usually ignore?
ok..i was j/w...sorry for askin so much bout it
so ur not too sleepy yet i hope
not at all..its only 11, plus i hope we can chat atlot to make up for not talkin last nite
if u want to...less u dont want to
good...cause i need my 13-yr-old-girl fix for the nite
or i wont be able to sleep
my dreamgirl is still number one wit me
if u dont mind
i mean...i dont have anyone esle that i can even think of that is close to how sweet u r
yah, i love showering u wit lots of attention
so how was ur day?
hello..im surprised ur still here
i guess ur not here..im sorry babe, my comp is totally suckin..i dont blame u for not waiting
well, i dont blame u..im havin major problems..i didnt think u wud wait
oh im ok, but i feel like throwin my comp away
well, im more glad u waited for me...most ppl wud have said, forget this idiot
hes just as lame as his comp
u dont know how many girls ive talked to that r so impatient..they wont wait if i have problems
i used too..not anymore
l hope u dont mind me just talkin to u
yes, is that ok wit u?
i mean no one else wud wait like u..ur so different
so u like the idea of u bein the only one i talk to?
good..i want to show u how much u mean to me 13-yr-old-girl..by just talkin to u, i culd talk to u for long time
yah, u have lots to say, and more importantly..ur a good listener
i feel i can tell u anything
that is so cool..ur like becomin my best friend
that is so weird though, cause i never had a girl as my best friend
nah, i mean ive had lovers..but nothin special
good, im glad, because u r very special
i was datin this one woman...but she was so negative, always talkin bout her problems and stuff...we were intimate, but something was missin
hmm...like a yr ago..then i dated another girl..who lived in sac, i went to see her alot..but one time she came down here..she didnt have time to see me..so that told me lot bout her
which one?
hmm..first one i met here in town, at a gas station lol..the other from here on chat
so much for my great experiences lol
all duds
its ok, i aint trippin...im glad im over them
i wont bore u again wit any of my past dates lol
so i never got to hear bout ur day
tell me all bout it:)
yah, i was out of it
so u had fun at the picnic?
really?not much to do?no volleyball?waterballon fights?lol
did u know anyone there?
who liked a guy?
no
im here..its my comp again
u prolly dont believe me
my mouse is goin crazy...i cant control the pointer
now its ok.its weird..maybe my batteries on my wireless r goin out
im sorry
i hope u wont go
be quiet
u know i dont want that
so im j/w...have u or ur mom talked to ur dad..if u dont want to talk bout it..i understand
so do u think things will work out betw him and ur mom..and u too
really?im kinda sorry to hear that..i mean i know u still care for ur dad
im sure there is lots of confusion involved....not an ez situation, is ur mom considering divorce?
who told u that?i mean its one thing to correct someone..i member my dad whippin me..but i deserved it lol..u dont
well...when i say whipped, i mean spankings..nothing serious
he never hit me in the face
did ur dad do that?
hmm.forgettin to do stuff isnt right reason..we all forget, its not on purpose
im sorry, for bringing it up
ur not complaining...ur goin thru hard times, i feel for u babe
well, i konw ur hurting in the inside...and i hope u dont keep it in u
my day was cool...went to santa cruz..have u been there b4?
not for me lol..maybe for u..u wud love it there..im sure uve heard of the boardwalk?
yah, but lots of ppl..too many for me lol
not really...makes it hard to get on a ride..long lines
just on one, the roller coaster...i figure if im goin to wait in line, might as well be for a good ride 
my niece and nephew and my bro
u like roller coaster?
so what u doin tomorrow?
goin to great america..everyone wants to have fun b4 school gets far lol
i wish u culd come
yes, we wud have a blast, dont u think so?
maybe some day i can take u?
id love to take u to santa cruz too
id wear u out lol
i know..im sorry, my sis hasnt sent me an of the ones she took
can u hang on for a sec..im goin to change batteries on my mouse ok?
yah, its wireless
ok, im back..the new batteries r worse than the ones im trhyin to replace
really?so u just cleaned it and it was good?
yah, i did that and reinstalled the batt..its workin better
just as i said that..the pointer jumped all over the place lol
oh well..as long as ur still here, i dont care
oh and i love ur new pics babe
yah, ofcourse i did lol..didnt u think i wud?
if it has to do anything wit u, im there
i sure wish i did come over when u asked me to 
well, not that i culdnt..i was scared
the more i talk to u, the more i wish i did lol
yah, it wud have been awesome..wudnt u be nervous?
yah, thats what im talkin bout..the more i talk to u, the better i feel
but u havent met anyone from chat b4?
well, u know u have to be super careful..i mean i know myself, im not some crazy guy..but still i hope u dont ask just anyone
oh, so u didnt ask me?
i did?i dont member that
nah, cause if i did, u said ok..so it was mutual
so what u doin?
sittin in my bed..ur not on the floor r u?
why dont u just get into ur bed lol?u know its more comfy
cool
alright...under the covers too?
its ok, as long as u say goodnite to me
and give me a kiss
and a hug
hope im not askin for too much
wow..if i got those, id be doin cartwheels
can u do a cartwheel?
really?wow..that is so cool..id love to see u do one
i bet u wud look so pretty..like a ballerina
or a gymnist
ur my dreamgirl..and my ballerina girl
doin cartwheels in my dream
and ill be at the end to catch u
r u gettin sleepy?
i can always tell huh?
yah, i guess i am...atleast im good at something
really?like what?
oh..i thought u were goin to say im good at likin u lol
yah, right ur just tryin to flatter me
tryin to get my pointer goin in the right direction
im usin the touch pad on my laptop
sorry bout tonite
cause of my comp
still..it makes it hard for us to talk
and i love talkin to u
more than u know
see..thats the main reason..u like me for who i am..u dont care if im rich, poor, famous, or what
well, im not rich nor famous lol 
but im not poor either, thank God
lol..u funny babe...trust me, im not starving
but id sure love to spoil u
with flowers, chocolates, clothes, perfume...hmm..everything
whats ur fav perfume?
wow..so ur skin is like silky smooth?
really soft?
i bet it is...id prolly bruise u just by touchin u lol
ill have to touch u realy lightly
but i can do that
does ur hair smell like strawberries?
what?u tryin to confuse me or what?
lol
i was j/w...i guess it getin late
nah, not at all
yah, i thought i was irritatin u with all my dumb questions and comments
well, i was just imagining how pretty ur hair wud smell..i love ur hair
among other things bout u
hmm..like ur legs..if its ok to say that..hope not too personal
they r very shapely
and u know i love ur eyes, ur smile, and ur lips
and ur hands..if i had a chance to see them lol
do u have long or short finger nails?
ok..lol..as long as not too long to scratch my eyes out lol
i know babe, i was just messin wit u..again
do u ever get mad?like even have a temper?
really?well, i wudlnt think so..cause i dont feel any hard feelings from u at all
see, then u really dont have temper...some girls u dont want to mess with...they like hold grudges and stuff, get all bitter
r u goin to sleep in tomorrow?
yah, till like 9 or 930...i prolly wont be home till late..im goin to miss u
ill try, but ill be wishin u were wit me havin fun too
so it wont be that much fun
maybe a lil...but id rather be wit u
i guess ur gettin really sleepy..i hope to tlak tomorrow
ur goin to be on my mind..nite 13-yr-old-girl
well, i figured u were
nah,like i said, id rather be here wit u
u always make my smile and feel good
just by bein here...its like ur here just for me...but i know ur not
im sure u have ur friends and other admirers
so im ur only man?lol
really?
so i dont have to beat up like 10 other guys?lol
ok..only 5?
r u busy?
r u here?
maybe u got booted
what happened?
see, u shuld have let me let u go b4
and i was just bout to leave
but i will now
so u get lots of sleep ok
i will..and ill try to have fun..i hope we can talk later
nite
id kiss u back, cept i dont know how witout a mouse
so..ill just tell u..kisses to my dreamgirl
nite
hey 13-yr-old-girl...just wanted to say hello b4 i left...i hope u have a great day and ill be thinkin of ya
its only 1010...why culdnt u wait a few more min
u didnt come on at all last nite..so i didnt know if u were comin on at all
later
yah..so r u?
r u stating a fact or is that how u feel?
no dont go
why did  ask that/
no, not at all..i was just wondering if u meant that u missed me as in not bein online at same time..or miss me as wanted to chat withme
>:D<
ok, just want to know for sure..cause i missed u big time
no...i came on just after u left..idont know what i was doin
yah, and u usually come on later at nite
it was barely 10
its ok, i just seemed solong since we chatted..u didnt come on mon nite either..is everythign ok?
me too babe..iknow u were on last nite..i meant mon..labor day nite..i didnt see u on at all..and i didnt see any offline msg
its ok, im sure u were busy
i cant expect u to be by thecomp 247
when was this?
oic..did u do anything on mon,labor day?
i thought of u all day
but then i do everyday lol
yah, i had fun, but wish u were havin fun wit me
went to great america
my bro, his wife and their kids..plus his bro in law and his fam
yah, but some went there own way and stuff..u know how that goes..so what did u do?
oic...did u think of me alil?
sorry
u here?
i hope so
yah lol
i thinkso
some ppl might not think im all here
but im glad u waited
did i miss anything u said?
i missed that...last thing i asked was if u thougth of me monday?
yuppers...alot too babe..hope u dont mind me thinkin of u 
so thats a good thing maybe?
ok, just makin sure lol
cause i smile when i think of u
did u go anywhere wit ur mom on mon?shoppin?
so u were kinda bored alil?
well, idont think i want to go anywhere again..if u have to stay home
well, its not fair
only if u have fun
what?
me?what and who am i goin to say anthing to lol
so this is the girl u told me bout last time?
the one who is missin school?
when r u goin?
for how long?
thats cool...is this ur b/f or just another friend?
i meant best friend..not boyfriend lol
ok, not ema?
why do u say that?cause allur friends dads left too?
see...some stick around
it helps when they do
so ur goin to be gone all week:(
i mean weekend
with me?
;;)
good, but what if ur friend wants to chat?
its her comp?
yah, i dont think its a good idea to tell her
thanks, cause u never know, things slip out and then we might not chat anymore
cool...i wud be sooo sad if i culdnt chat wit u
lets not talk bout that..it gets me sad
hey i love ur new pics babe:x
yah, take ur time
ill be here
hey
im here
i didnt see ya
ah..ur quick lol
just lookin at sports yahoo page
hey u said ur sis?i thought u told me u didnt have bro or sis?
oic..u threw me off when u said sis
yah, cause u said she was asleep
oic..so shes in bed now?
oh yah...is that ur hat?
ok, i like those type...gangster style lol
but u sure dont look like no gangster
or maybe i sud call u bonnie..as in bonnie and clyde
what?
sorry again
im back
hello babe
thanks for waiting
so what did u ask bout the ganster?
gangster
i got booted
oic..so u were tryin the gangster look..thats why i said i shud call u bonnie
ill be clyde
i just hope we dont end up like them lol
good...dont want my clothes full of bullet holes
u mean on the phone?
yah, id love that...but when?
ok
yah, im here
so can i call u?
k
k
k
waitin for u lol
lookin at ebay
i still havent got the mp3 player yet
well, i already paid for it..so i better get it lol
ah babe..i hope u like it
cool...i hope it comes in tomorrow
so what where u eatin in that other pic?
oic..it looked good...yummy lol
even if u werent eatin anything..u still looked good
so what u doin?
that was fast
ok, if we get cut off, ill know why
yah, what number is it?same?
i forgot it..sorry:">
can i have it again?pls
ok, im callin..give me a few sec
u here?
what happened?
its ok
im just glad we talked:D
yah, or a new phone
but those few min mean alot to m e
me
u sound so exciting and fun
all bubbly
i wish i cud just come thru that phone line and give u a big hug>:D<
wow...u always make my day babe
what if i hug u, picked u up..and twirl u around?
im lookin forward to that then...anddont forget u promised i cud do it
i hope i dont make u dizzy twirling u around..i will be so excited 
cool...then u will have to hold on to me even more to get ur balance;)
then i might not want to let u go
anyways..do u have to go?u gettin sleepy?
no way..its only 915
i love talkin to u
ur the best babe
r u my girl?
yah, it does...i want to give my girl so much attention
shes already on my mind alot..so might as well be for reals too
where typin something
i talk to much
lol..ur so crazy babe
can i ask u a question...a crazy question
how many kids do u want later?im just askin, cause i think u will be such a terrific mom
lotsa?like 10?
ur so crazy lol
yeah, thats alot for today
brb ok, can u stay?
thanks
im back
thanks hun
so u sure ur not from texas?
yah, that brit thing was way off..ill admit that
but for sure u have southern accent babe
its very sexy
so ur all excited bout goin to the LBC?
im so happy for u..u mean to long beach?
yah, but it will be fun for u..im happy that ur goin
i hope u can go to the pier they have there
the boat queen mary is there
plus alot of cool gift shops
so if here mom is goin..where is she stayin?
well, then how r u comin back?
hmm...does ur mom know that she had to go down there?lol
she prolly will leave sat cause it wud be hard to drive there and back in one day
as long as u get back huh?somehow
ok, if u need a ride...id pick u up
yah, that wud be fun..we cud come back thru the coast
but im sure ur mom will come pic u up....ill be backup 
im not kiddin...ive driven down there lots of times
yah..it wudnt be hard..infact, it wud be fun
yah, ud love comin down by santa barbara
id love to be there wit u..or atleast pick u up...take u thru LA, hollywood, malibu
yah, we have a blast....u wud be laughin ur head off lol
hey, i can make u laugh witout even tickling u..imagine if i tickled u
cool..id like that
u mean goin for the ride or ticklin?
yah, we cud even go to disneyland or magic mountain
i sure wud love to take u babe 
maybe some day u think?
:">
u here babe?
i dont blame u if u didnt want to wait
yah, im soo sorry again...i sound like a broken record
my comp sucks bigtime
it takes forever to reboot
im so glad ur here
ur so patient wit me..i dont deserve an angel like u
ah u hush
i dont want another angel..i like the one i have
no, walk
take ur time
grab a snack too
i hope u didnt run
did u get somethign to eat too
grrr
babe, i told u to walk
im not goin anywhere...im here for u
well, u do the same for me too
u make my heart beat fast
yah, cause ur always so lovin wit me..im not sayin u love me..just u have lovin ways
good...then i want to be sweeter even more lol
make u helpless lol
so what u got to drink?tea?
r u hungry?
ok, j/w...r u tired yet?
lol..why do u always ask me..i stay up til like 1230 everynite
i never get tired wit u
u give me tons of enerdy
energy
i fell like the enegizer bunny
i know...wheres my pic lol..sis hasnt sent me them yet..shes laggin
but i wud be a big bunny..not fat..just muscular bunny
u like big arms?
but not too big
im not like arnold or some body builder...but i culd pick u up wit one arm prolly
u culd sleep on my chest and think i was a mattress lol
id like that
for sure...wrap my arms round u tight
id love just to have u fall asleep in my arms...brushing ur hair out as u sleep
i wudnt sleep,id just be staring at u
lookin at my girl sleep like an angel
then tickle u like crazy lol
hey, got to have alil fun 
for sure....but the sleepin part wud be cool too
we can do both
u like stawberries?
yah, but i think my fav fruit is peaches
u like them too
whats ur fav fruit?
ok, i want to feed u strawberries
like a queen
that wud be so cool
then u chew some..and then pass some to me lol
by mouth
yuck?lol
really?
i thought u wudlnt like it
yah, i think so too..im glad u thoguth so too
thougth u might think otherwise
yah, its like sharin something
see..ur cool babe
u took me by surprise there
i guess i wont underestimate u ever again
so u and i can share strawberrries like that?
alright..then when i get the strawberries from u..they will be even more sweeter cause i got them from u
i dont know..they just come to me as im talkin to u..itsnot like i have a script lol
u make it so ez to be romantic
cause of ur ways
i love romance
well, i just think if someone is special..the deserve special treatment
lots of attention
i get enjoyment out of just seein u smile..and when u tell me i make u smile...then makes my day
cool...so do u take it to school wit u babe?
yah
cool...but i think u take it wit u anyways and always
cool...u prolly r a lil sleepy now?
u sure...cause u never tell me when u sleepy
i usualy feel it
wow...u serious?ud rather talk wit me?
alright..well u wont hear any arguements from me babe:)
r u chattin wit any of ur friends?
besides me
ok, i mean its cool if u chat wit her..or nyone else...cause i know u will still talk to me too
i wont lie...im glad im the only one lol
i mean im not jealous type...i just like knowin when ur just talkin to me
yah, i like that...i  have u all to my self;)
yah...no one else babe
i dont even know if i have anyone one else on
im invisible to everyone else, cept u
what?does that surprise u ?
well, trust me..ur 100times better to talk to than anyother ones on my list
cause ur only one?
well, its simply cause i like chattin wit u...and cause ur super nice tome...u make me feel special too
kinda like ur best friend?or best chat friend?or just special friend?
so is that higher than best friend?lol
or is that just different thing?
ok, i hope that is all good though
how long have weve been chattin?like 2 weeks?
really?ok, i was j/w...prolly like 3 weeks u think?
yah, i feel same way too...i hope we can get to know each other even better
and i do want to hear u sing too..dont forget babe
yah, i bet u have a great voice
u like singin slow or fast song?
ok, so when u sing ill have the radio on for background 
but real low..so i can hear ur voice
babe, its 1115..i think ur gettin sleepy..what time u get up?
yah, but not between 6-10...i have to go to gilroy to help friend wit his car
will u be on b4 or after?
yes, i hope we can chat
u wnat to dont u?
yes, i look forward to it..always
but i guess it depends if ur mom is around?
ok, i hope i wont be toolate...i really want to chat wit u
working?yuck lol..as long as i can think of u..ill be good
aww..ur the best babe
u mean so much to me
u have nice nite...sweet dreams
:-*
mmm..sweet kiss from my girl
nite
13-yr-old-girl?r u here?
hey..did u wait for me huh?
im glad u came back...i was hopin u were here too..i just got home a few min ago..r u tired?
nah..u know me..mr. midnite
how much did u sleep?
im surprised u got back up...u must be tired..r u still goin tomorrow?
lol...what time r u leavin?
wow..thats really early...u got ur things ready?
wow..ur on the ball babe
u goin for a week or what?lol
true, u might go out u think?
hot date?
so it will just be u and ur friend there?
yah, what u guys goin to do there all by urselves?
i sure hope we can chat while ur there
if u want
yah, thats why i hope we can chat..everyday if we can
less u find sometihng fun to do..and get busy
is she a good girl?lol..i mean shes not too wild is she?
but shes down there..so she prolly dont know too many ppl u think?
ok, u know her i dont..thats why im askin all kinds of questions...sorry..i guess im bein too noisy
ok, im sure things will go good..plus we can talk so u can fill me in
yah, but im sure she will make new friends fast
yah
no, its just slow..atleast i havent got booted yet
yah, i saw that u said shes tryin to make friends...must be kinda hard to leave and start over like that
oh yah, she was on last nite when we were chattin...is she on now?
nah, she prolly asleep...if u leave at 6, u prolly get there around 2?
oic...i hope her mom stays wit u till she comes home
thats crazy to drive all the way down..just to turn around and go back
yah, u wud think so
so what did u pack?
im bein noisy again lol
but she dont have a swimmin pool?
so u guys might just hang out in hot tub awhile?
was there a bunch of u hangout at ur place?
is ur tub big?
good thing u didnt have too many ppl lol
but it will be just u and her at her tub
ok, no guys i hope lol
dont think?hmmm...so maybe there will be
really?is he down there too?
oic..so is he close to u?
or far?
me?in san jose
hmm..like 2 hr away i think..give or take
so he lives in san jose, just like me
interesting
i sure wish i knew him
id tell him hes a lucky guy
infact..id tell him he better treat u right or ill come over and bust his chops
cause the girl that likes him is sooooo beautiful and sweet
none like her
i wish i was him
:-P
i guess im a lil crazy..crazy for u
u gettin a lil sleepy me thinks
babe..be truthful
nah..not at all
its only 1145
i have 15 min...and i hope i can use them all on u
more?
ill take as much as u give me
i just figured id wear u out 
r u my girl?
i hope:)=yes?
alright...i love knowin that
r u my dreamgirl...and my angel?
so i guess i can trust u down in long beach lol
yah, i know i can...i can tell by just chattin wit u
its just the guys i dont trust lol
and my fist doesnt reach all the way down to long beach
did u take any hw wit u?
since ur not in school tomorrow
hey, u need to have some
why not?u will get behind if u dont do some
ok, chattin wit me will be ur hw
u get an A plus
so did u have a good day today?do anything different?
well, dont get too bored...u have 9 more months
did u go to summer school?
now whoes the silly one
i figured u didnt go
not ur cup of tea
yah, i know....im sure hi school will be more exciting
yah, then college will even be more funner
hmmm...and just what r u goin to be doin at those parties/:)
well, if they r anything like the parties i went to in college..u better watch urself
less u like gettin totally wasted and havin the biggest hangover ever..yuck
good...i hope u dont go that route babe
its not fun..believe me
what u doin?
u busy?
hmm...well..no sense in thinkin bout them now...u cant go..and im glad lol
can i ask why u want to go?
oic...what if we have our own lil party?
u can sing and dance for me
and ill throw 20 bills at u lol
what?u want fifties?
ur not cheap lol
but ur worth it
id throw hundreds
throw u my credit card
i know...but i wud do it just cause id want to
cause i do want to spoil u babe
i hope u let me
yes..i want
it will make me happy
yah, i know u do....and u dont have to do anything to make me happy..just be here for me
did u think of me today?a lil?
:)
yah, u and strawberries;)
yah, i was trying to think who wud be sweeter
id have to take taste test
might take a few times to find out
strictly for scientific purposes of course
wud u sure ur wit me babe?
share
mmmm
id like that
not as sweet as u
lol...ok, i wont argue wit u...as long as i get to test ur sweetness
just lyin here...r u in bed too?
did u add any more pics to ur myspace?
but u added some?but where?
really?cud i see them hun?
thanks>:D<
yah, ur sooo cute
yes u r
so pretty
no..just truthful
i love the u look babe
i wudnt change a thing bout u
u look kinda mad in that one lol
but still sooo pretty
in a mad way
so when u get mad at me..i will still love ya, cause ur still cute
u never know
i might step on rhetts tail by accident
ah i like that one
u just finishes sharin a strawberry with me
yummy
ur fingers look long..r they?
maybe they r just slim and thin
i like ur fingers...very lickable lol
i like hands and feet...i bet u have cute feet
i say size 6
no wait..make that a 5
am i right?
wait..kinda?dont u know what size u r?lol
u here?
lol..hey, i havent been booted yet..glad its u this time
nothin..waitin for u
what u doin?
gettin sleepy?
yes
cant u see my msg?
13-yr-old-girl?
where did u go?
hello?
i saw it..and i answered..but u didnt see it
thats so weird
ok, i prolly messed u up
idk, just saying lol
i know, i just commented on ur feet 
lol
what?is that wrong?
ok, so u do or dont have size 5?u said kinda
ok, i hear u..like i wear mostly size 10 and half, but sometimes 11..but mostly 10half
so u gettin sleepy yet?
yah, me too lol
atleast were fallin asleep together
ok, goodnite
same to u babe
i hope u think of me on ur trip
hey, its ok, dont trip...hmm..more like 6 and half..thats the distance from san jose
get some sleep on the way ok?
cool..goodnite
hey 13-yr-old-girl:)
how r u?how is ur trip so far?im so glad to c u on
did u get to sleep on the way down?how long did it take?
i told u it was a long way babe lol...it better when ur drivin, time goes faster
so wheres ur friend?
cool..so u cant chat too long?u goin somewhere?
im sure she might be curiious what u doin
just say ur chattin wit friend
it was good, just worked, went to store to buy rascal some dog food..he didnt have anything so i gave him a can of tuna lol
he loved it 
then i went to gym for a workout
yah, i had a good workout...did u go in the tub?
is that ur friend changed?
why she changed
yah, thats what i thougth...r u still in ur swim suit?
it was cold here today...is it cold there?
is her tub big...nicer than urs?
so what u guys goin to do tonite?
so its just u 2 there?did her mom leave already?
so i guess i shud let u go keep ur friend company?
ah so u guys prolly just chill wit a movie?eat bunch of snacks?lol
really?nice place?dont get too comfy..u need to come back
how many rooms?where u goin to sleep?on the couch?
hes bed is prolly lot bigger..maybe u both can sleep on his bed?
i bet ur friend was all pumped to see u come to see here
her
ah...ur such a sweet person babe to go there to cheer her up
yah, but shes prolly not goin to be too happy to see u leave
how late u goin to stay up?
so prolly late huh?
im goin to jump in the shower...will u be on later?or u goin to hang wit ur friend?
just to take a shower...if i dont take a shower now..i might get too lazy lol
but i hope we can chat when i get out
:)
i missed u
ok, ill be back in like 15 min or so...ok/
bye for now babe
hey 13-yr-old-girl...what u doin?
really?
for lil ole me?
cool..that is sure nice to know that...i hope i dont dissapoint u
nada...get ready to hop into bed...another exciting nite for me lol
not really, just goin to relax alil...i hope we can talk some..if u can
alright...u watchin a movie wit ur friend?
is it a good movie?u into it?
u prolly seen it already?
no, cant say that i have...shud i?
did u read the books?
no..im more of an action type guy, i really dont even know too much bout lord of rings..not really my thing..but im sure its good
u proly like starwar stuff too?
not really lol..i like sci fi..but more believble stuff i guess...im just hard to please i guess
hey, whoes takin care of rhett?
ok, so hes in good hands?
yah, too bad u culdnt bring him wit u
so r u near the beach?
but ur in long beach?
hmm..i dont remember where that is..ive just been to downtown and wharf..too bad u cant go there to check it out
thats messed up..if ur not stuck at home, ur stuck at someoone elses house lol
did u change into ur sleeping things yet?
after u dug thru ur big suitcase...did u forget anything?everytime i go somewhere i always forget sometihgn
ah so u guys r like same size and stuff?
i bet she is lil bigger than u
no silly, i was just takin a wild guess
u know me..i like guessin
but i wont guess anymore bout her...id rather just stick with u babe
close to u if i can
oh im sure shes a nice girl and all..but not as nice or pretty as u
but then again..i dont think anyone is as pretty as my girl
what?
did i say sometihng wrong/
its just the truth....in my opinion..maybe other guys wont think so..but they dont care for u like i do
no, i didnt mean that...i meant other guys may not think ur the prettiest girl around like i think
im sure lots of guys think ur pretty..i have no doubt of that
so make sure u stay inside tomorrow lol
im just kiddin babe...i hope u get out some tomorrow..go shoppin
do u have money?
like a hundred?
cause i just want to make sure u have plenty to meet ur needs and wants;;)
hey, u might get really hungry lol
oh ok, i guess u dont need gas money lol
hmm...bike money?
skateboard money?can u ride a skateboard?
really?i picture u a expert
u daredevil
how bout roller blades/
nah..but to honest...i dont think ive ever tried, is it hard?
if u teach me
and hold my hand
so if i fall..u comin down wit me lol
i think ill stick to ridin a bike...im good at that 
i want to try kyacking..i think thats how u spell it
wud u try it?
yah, i always check them out at monterey...that and scuba divin
i went to monterey and rented those 4 seat bikes...never again..no one wanted to peddle..i did most of the peddling 
if we went on a tandem together...i can do all the peddling, u just kick back
with u i will
nah..im just talkin to u..i think ur the quiet one
no way..im talkin bout bikin, kyacking...and ur just noddin ur head lol
ur prolly into the movie
well, chat away babe
i know u like to talk too..especially on the phone..but i love talkin to u on the phone
i miss that
i know..i culd talk to u forever;)
ur so refreshing and sweet
u make me smile and laugh
u and ur texas drawl
u all need to come down and have a rootin tootin time lol
im just messin wit u babe
i love ur voice
has ur friend asked what u doin on her comp?
lol..did u put her to sleep?
so shes fallin asleep on the couch?
good...now ur all mine lol
r u comfy?tired?
u had a long trip
so did u figure where u goin to sleep?
ur so sneeky babe lol
good idea
well, i guess ill let u go so u can sneek off to her bed
no, it ok, im just glad we had chance to chat..i need my 13-yr-old-girl fix for the nite..if not, i go thru convulsions
plus im in bed too...and im gettin sleepy too
just wish u culd come tuck me in lol
yah, i bet ur a good tucker
u have that special touch
that midas touch
well, i hope to talk wit u tomorrow u think?
goodnite sweeetheart
tryin to log off
and u?
aww babe..noone but u
hope u believe me
im just glad ur my girl...so ur the only one i want to say bye to
less ur busy wit someone else
seems like it
later
im here now..r u here?
hope ur on later...i got ur mp player today:)
hey
well it is her comp lol
was she on yahoo like u?
u didnt know that i was on did u?
lol..ur so sneeky somtimes babe
but im glad u looked;)
lol..did u tell her u wanted to chat too?
supper?see ur are from the south...thats how they say dinner down there
is she from south?
u dont know where ur mom is from?lol
ur too funny babe
maybe shes from venus
i knew there was something different bout u
u sud go walk to the store or something
isnt there anytihng close?
yah, have ur space ship pick u up
did u miss me?
alil or alot?
wow..i missed u too
thougth of u 
all day
so u got my msg bout ur mp player?
i know..but ur comin home tomorrow?
hey, if not for school ull be bored even more
i wish i was around lol
we cud do all kinds of things..id be ur chauffeur
ur player is pretty cool..its really small
ok
hey i gtg...to brothers house..will u be on tonite?
yah..i have to jump in the shower and take off:(
i wish i cud stay and chat wit u
i thougth she had a b/f
lol...thats so crazy
i hope u dont tell me to take a hike
really?after u leave i hope
ok, hey i got to run babe..will u be on tonite?
please try
but if ur busy, i understand
u have fun
maybe ill catch u tomorrow or monday then
miss u more..bye
u mean right now?
why?
well i am lol..like 5 hr..but if i culd, id come down to see u in a heart beat
why cant i?
so
ive done it b4
id go further than that to see u
lol..yes i wud 13-yr-old-girl
even if it was for 5 min
distant is only as far as u make it
knowin u wud be there..makes it seem close
what time r u leavin tomorrow?
like 5 or 6 or later?
look..if u come on tonite can we talk bout it some more?
late..like 11..is that too late?
thank u babe..ill see u then:-*
id rather be with u
funny?like how?like ticklish?
ok, explain it to me tonite..now u got me wondering lol
but i hope its a good funny
rum?like booze?
ah u best be carefull 
and dont fall asleep on me
well...u only have one guy to worry bout:)
or take care of, dont want u to worry bout me
lol
alright..well i better run..miss u hun...see u tonite
ok, u too..make sure to be on..i need my 13-yr-old-girl jolt
mmm
good stuff
bye
i wish u wud waited for me just a lil longer:(
im sorry for bein late..i got home later than i planned..i figured u wud waited for me
i guess u dont want me to come down
im goin to stay up for alil bit, hopin u come on
eventhough i dont think u will
hey msg me when u got on ok
hello babe...r u here?
hey r u upset at me?
i dont know if ur gettin my msg cause i downloaded new yahoo msg and it doesnt show u on my list but i saw u come online.
or maybe u dont want to talk wit me
hey r u gettin my msg?
its ok, i dwnloaded new msg and it doesnt show u on my list:(
and i cant see ur pic----------------------->
:(
i tried already..still same...i think it might be cause u have older version of yahoo msg
i tried but it said u r already on my list..but ur not there..i shuld have stayed wit old version..im sorry
plus im soo sorry bout last nite
i got home later than i thought
yah, just hang out wit family nuthin too exciting..infact i fell asleep at his place for a lil bit lol
i came home around12 and stayed till 2 hopin u might come back
its ok, i shuld have been here when i said, its my fault
do u forgive me?
well, i dont know if it was that much fun..so ur kinda hungover a lil?
funny?like ur still buzzed?
thats weird cause u slept so u shud be ok
less u didnt sleep much
but i thoiught u went to bed early
this morning?!!!!!!!!!!!!!l lol
babe, at what time?
did ur friend have some too?
ur crazy..did her b/f come over?
is he stilll there?
oic...so he comin back up north?
oic
no, i mean its her b/f, not urs lol
i just wish i culd come see ya
oic...so he kicked u out?
why didnt u sleep on her dads bed?
her dad said u culd stay there?
where?in the room wit them?
but he asked u to stay in the room wit them?
wait..first answer my question babe
i wont get mad at u
well, i have time
i promise i wont get upset
ok, so thats it?
i hear u..im sure u wud have felt uncomfy there
i was thinkin he wanted u to be in the action too lol
sorry bout thinkin that..but when u said he asked u to stay
ok, i was j/w..hope u dont get upset for that crossin my mind
and i did miss u..lots..thats why i was hopin u wud come back online last nite..infact i thnk i waited to 3..i really missed u
no, it was mad bad..i shud have been here
u were on my mind so much
how i wanted to see u
and give u a big hug
and not let go for a long time
as long as u dont mind  me just holdin u
so what time u leavin
who u askin?
cause hes leavin soon?so shes tellin him bye?
yah, the fun goodbyes lol
oh im sure
thats what makes it so hard to leave
u mean holdin u?
well, only if u wanted to...sometimes holdin cud lead to that
lol...well, if we both wanted then lol
i sure wish i cud come see u..and give u ur mp player
yah, i wudnt come less u wanted me to
but i dont know if its possible, cause by the time i get there, u might be gone lol
so when is he comin back?
lol...r u drinkin more rum?
i know it dont take much for u to feel it cuase ur so small..r u mixin it wit coke?
ok, i was glad ur not drinkin it straight
but if u keep drinkin it wont matter lol
how many have u had?
2?
ok, so u goin to finish just one glass then?
o j/w to see how much u plannin on drinkin...to see if u will get drunk..2 will do the job for u i think
hmm..ok, we will see lol
no way
ok, good babe..plus its only 10am lol
u prolly havent eaten 
ok, that will help alil to absorb the booze lol
brb ok..dont go
u here?
so what u doin today?
well, i wanted to come see u but i dont know how that can happen
y what?
well, like i said ur leavin and it wud take me like 6hr to get there
im confused, so whoes takin u back?
ur mom isnt pickin u up?
well, i culd take u back..but i dont know if we cud do that
yah, like i said, i dont care if its just for a few min...then i cud give u the mp player
ok, but where and when cud i meet u
and u will come outside?
if thats alright wit u
so if i call, do i ask for u?
ok, that makes it ezier 
so i shud get goin then
yah, that way i can be close when i call
ok, im goin to get yahoo map
ok, i got the map
so i guess i need to get goin u think?
wait
u said to call ur cell
i dont think i have that number
i thought that was ur house number
careful?
hmm...i member u told me it was ur house phone
well, u know babe...its alredy 11..dont u think it might be too late..maybe we shud wait for another time for me to come down?
oh yah, i know that it wud be
and then he said he wud take u back up north?
thats insane..so if he comes to long beach like at 9, u wudnt be here till like 4 in morning
i dont know..whatever u think is best...im sure ur mom will want to know how ur gettin home too
ok, i dont mind...as long as u get home not too late
and what bout ur huge luggage?how u goin to get it into my car witout ur friend knowin?lol
well, i just wont go inside
ok, i best get goin
yah, that wud be cool
im lookin at park in map
its right down the street
that wud be cool
ill call u when im close
can i call u on the way down too?
just to talk
ok, ill do that like in a few hr ok?
ok, i need to get goin then
long drive ahead both ways  
see u later
