hey
really?
i dont know what to think
on one hand thats really hot
on the other....its really hot
can i ask you something personel?
do you have body hair at that age?
and if you do where
man thats hot too
im sorry
are you a briefs or boxers type of boy?
briefs
so are you activly seeking \"friends\" in here
sure
what kind of guys do you seek out
i mean big,hairy,wht,tall, ?
well for example you saw my profile right?
its obvious to you that im older...way,,,,,that you
thats cool
another personel question,ok?
have you been with a man before?
ok
mine is RKNRLLANML
but nothing else huh?
sure but how'm i gonna find you
no ill send you an im
im already logged in
;-)
so have you hought about doing stuff with an older man...or letting him do stuff to you? 
sorry bud 
didnt mean to bum you out. 
so describe yourself to me 
do you have any pix for trade? 
yeah 
is it of an adult nature? 
dont be sorry 
i got g r or x which do you want 
none of them huh? 
so have you had your cock sucked on before 
or sucked one 
i can send them directly to you if you accept 
it works great 
try it 
Instant Images invitation canceled.
ok well send me your pics and ill reply 
Instant Images invitation canceled.
brb 
u got mail 
you're a cute kid man 
id like to see you naked 
how big is your penis 
and no hair at all? 
i hope my pics didnt disturb you 
that pretty hot ,,,i hope you dont think im a gross old man 
ive never even chatted with a kid younger than 16 
so do you think you'll be crossing over soon and getting naked with a man 
or is that scary for you 
what would you like to do to a naked man 
have you thought about sucking a man cock 
or getting naked for him and letting him suck your cock or lick your balls and asshole 
does it turn you on when you think about it 
not at all..... 
its more like having butterflies in your stomach than being scared 
its not wrong man 
thats just what you've been taught 
i hope you dont get scared and ditch me when i tell you this but i sure would like to be the man that teaches you how to suck cock and the first man that sucks your load out 
i cant belive i just told you that... 
i9ll be going now 
ill* 
i embarassed myself 
really? 
you're kidding 
wow man 
i would like to meet you and have you get naked for me.... 
then have you come over and put your cock in my mouth 
is your cock cut or uncut 
i realize that 
you wouldn't be scared about coming to my home 
and when will she be going again 
cause you could come over here and watch some porn and then if you're into it we could go from there....it would be up to you 
cool 
so you're serious 
im totally into this man ,,,but we would have to be EXTREMELY CAREFUL 
you dont want problems and neither do i 
nice man... 
no why? 
so tell me kid...how many chats you got going right now 
;-)
yeah ....what is it 
shit im glad you're chatting with me... 
there'r times when ill say hello to people and they totally ignore me 
it sucks 
well im a big boy ....its just that i wish they would at least say \"fuck off\" 
lol 
or respond in some way 
i swear to god man about 3 weeks ago i was in here like 5 days in a row....i shit you not no one....no one said a damn word to me 
:-\
whatever 
what? 
yeah man it made me feel like a total loser 
lol 
;-)
thanks kiddo 
my name Maurice,,,,but all my friends call me \"Mo\" 
so if we do meet soon ,,,,and i really hope we do ...what would you like to do to/with me? 
ok 
shoot 
yeah ill play in person...what are the consequences ? 
and ill play now too 
but you didnt answer my question 
huh? 
so if we do meet soon ,,,,and i really hope we do ...what would you like to do to/with me? 
yeah ...if you're not embarassed to tell me that is if you dont want to then thats cool too 
lke what 
of course i would be 
want to know the only real trick to sucking cock kid? 
it only hurts if the person is rough and trys to slam it in 
ill tell you 2 secrets 
no like put it against your asshole and try to shove it in with out mercy 
the first man i was with was with alot older than me but he took his time with me and after fingering my asshole and licking it too for a nice long time he put his 12 inches all the way into me....no pain 
the other secret is.... 
its about sucking cock 
yeah kid it was fat and uncut too....but he went so slow and had me so relaxed back there that it was painless 
the only real secret is ,,,suck that cock like you are totally into it 
you shouldnt feel wierd or ashamed because the person recieveing head will be totally into it,,,,just let yourself go relax and suck that cock like you loved it 
shit thats what i do ...thats what i want to do to you to show you how awesome it feels,,,,,,then if you want to sometim,or right then you can return thefavor 
like anything you do if you enjoy it ...you'll do it well 
so i guess ill let you go kid.... 
you probably have 1000 ims going and you could use the break from me 
lol 
really? 
that seems so hard to belive,,,,but cool 
so is there anything you've been wanting to say or ask someone about but haven't had the right person available to you to ask? 
i know how hard it can be when you feel one way and have to act the total opposite 
its a toyally fair and honest question man 
dont be ashamed to ask me anything like that...i mean who else can you ask? 
to be totally honest with you...there are times when that may occur but there are ways to prevent that too,,, 
i happen to have a hose in my shower that allows water to slowly go into your ass.... 
its a good way to clean out so you dont have the mess or worse embarrasment if that happens 
but its never really bothered me man...if you're going to go back there then you must act very mature if it does occur 
you take your cock out and go wash it with soap and warm water,,,or you get up and go wash your ass with the same 
and you let it go...else your entire evening will be fucked up 
no need to let something like that ruin everything 
not if you wash out before 
exactly 
sure man 
i live in san dimas 
i told you that already 
:-\
oh 
stop with the sorry stuff kid 
yeah i know mira loma 
so let me know when you want to get naked.... 
hey we could always just sit naked and watch porn,,,,if you like sex movies that is 
you would be comfortable sitting around naked....maybe we could sit close or you could put your head in my lap and could give you a back rub .... 
if thats not too goofy sounding 
or sit nake3d on totally opposite sides of the room and just watch the dvd 
i do to....but do you get the same reaction i do? 
lol 
i just want you to know that you'll be the one controling the situation 
when i get back rubs i always get a hardon 
lol 
sorry 
do you 
hey have you ever had your nipples sucked and licked or thought about it 
itr feels really hot man.... 
i cant say 
but i do want to hang out naked with you so email me and we can keep in touch till the 6th 
i might be on though.just showering 
later you handsome stud 
k 
:-) 
hey bud/////just doing some work 
i hate having to finish stuff at home 
yeah but i thought id done my tour of duty 
no i can always answer questions 
whats been going on 
no.... 
i was hoping for a brand new car 
why 
no j/k 
well thank you 
yeah we could drive around naked:-P
yeah probably 
but ive done that from time to time 
its kinda hot,nasty and exciting 
well i wouldn't suggest doing it when my mothers driving 
haven't you ever just hung out naked when you know no ones going to be home 
you are .... 
alone????????:-P
yeah it is 
do you have like nasty movies to watch 
O:-)who me? 
:-X
like my bears 
not me.....i would never watch that stuff..... 
it might give me nasty ideas and a hardon..... 
that isnt good 
;-)
lol 
i do have quite a few movies.... 
well.....ye-ah 
have you ever seen any? 
with friends huh?
are you on your personal 'puter? 
Instant Images invitation canceled.
so when you were watching the movie did you have to pretend that the women were hot ...and all the while you couldnt stop looking at those hard cocks? 
:-)
that always happened to me too 
only when i was your age all i could rely on was nasty magazines from Europe that had all kinds of sex in it 
every once in a while a friend would get one from a friend of a friend...lol....or steal one from dad....that kind of shit 
they went from mild to wild and had stories and .... 
hell no..... 
but he went snooping in my room and found mine 
i was about 13 
it was a total blow it and the worst thing was.....are you ready for this/ 
yeah my gay shit 
i had been trying my hand at writing a gay story.....it was really nasty.... 
and that....not my books and mags. was what he was holding when he asked me into my room and shut the door 
:-(
you know he did 
i mean i didnt ask but well,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
no man.....it was wierd 
he kind of \"put\" me on the path to \"Straightsville\" for about 4 years ,,,,so i kind of submerged my gay thoughts... 
they never went away....but i had a girlfriend and dates and fucked in my room even though they(parents) were home... 
they let me have sex while they were home so that poor Maurice would be straight 
he wouldnt allow my brother the same luxury.... 
the first time i did anything with a guy was with my colombian cousin 
in Colombia...i was 10 
we got naked very late at night when our parents were asleep and showed our \"pee-pees\" to each touched each others...and put our mouths on each of our cocks then finally fucked 
dont ask me what gave me the idea to tell my cousin to bend over .... 
but i did and he did too 
well....yeeee-aaahhh 
we didnt even have hair on our cocks 
lol 
:-X well i think i might know someone..........................
no 
and to this day,he's been living in chino hills for 15 years, we have never spoken about it 
:-)
what cute bears 
oh those?????????????? 
well heres the story....oh yeah he does 
i had to hide my feeling for all of my teen and young adult life... 
like from 14,when my dad busted me, till i was 42 
yeah a bed time story ...hope you dont fall asleep from boredom 
just yawn and ill sign off 
oh stop ...i wouldnt just eject on you like that...lol 
and stop putting yourself down.... 
self respect and confidence for yourself always 
good boy 
dont put yourself down.... 
that'll make it easier for others to pile on... 
i just want you to be happy kid 
do not allow yourself to get bummed out .....always try and find something to simle about.... 
you never know what hot young man might be watching you from afar 
;-)
now ....ahem....... 
where was i... 
smart is such an objective term.... 
i can speak and spell and tell stories or anecdotes infront of people with out missing a beat and right off the top of my head .... 
using words and analogies that make people smile and scrath their heads at the same time... 
but 
put me if ront of a 'puter or ask me to solve an algebraic equation and...... 
the smart balloon goes POP 
;-)
good for you..... 
remember man...the only thing you have when you're compleatly naked is your cofidence and your balls.... 
do not .... 
i repeat DO NOT allow ANYONE to take that from you 
good boy..... 
hey buddy can i ask you something personal 
is your Dad around ? 
can i ask you why? 
you know i always told myself that when i had kids i would never be an asshole to them... 
and even though thats totally impossible.... 
i do make sure to tell my kids i love them alot...all the time...and i act goofy and wierd around them ,their friends and in the general public... 
just to show them that you can still be an adult and have fun too 
AWWWWWWWWWWWW 
shit kiddo 
that totally makes my day 
im not sure... 
got to finish my homework...get dinner on the table....and then watch some boob tube with my younger one 
you're not going to invite me over for a slumber party this weekend are you?
ok 
go its your Mom 
go now 
hey if your dads not around then make sure you take care of and respect your mother 
she knows more than she'll let on if only to allow you to come and talk to her.... 
ill finish my story later ...but let me tll you i thought my mom was oblivious to me being gay.... 
not even close 
she probably knew for about 5 years if not more 
i gotta go...this was not a lecture from Proffessor Mo Ruiz.... 
just some suggestions and a course of direction for those who wisgh to follow 
be good kid....i hope to see you soon.... 
oh and do i bring my bunny feet pjs for the sleepover or will we be sleeping naked 
i think so...but who knows 
did you read what i was writing to you 
i hope i didnt come off as too fatherly...or arrogant or pompus or stupid 
do you have movies of adults doing thing when they got no clothes on? 
hey i got 2 kids 
whats acting gay anyway? 
isnt acting straight just acting? 
thats the act...;-)
you better not 
be a gay young man or adult man but be a man 
just cause you like other men doesnt mean you gotta list or squeel 
i mean be nice to everyone ....but when all is said and done be yourself and let others see your openess and kindness 
then you'll get everyone respecting you 
ummmmmm8 or 9 
but you'll be counting sheep by then 
or sawing logs 
:-P i do 
at least thats what im told.... 
maybe you'll be the final judge on that one.... 
bye kiddo 
;-)
BE GOOD 
kinda... 
whats up 
im looking for your pics actually a nd i cant find 'em... 
would you mind sending them again 
.oh and in about 5min my kids friends are gonna be here for a party/sleepover 
oh please...i look like Quasimodo 
:-X
:'(
:-(
who?....huh? 
brb 
me 
you know the hunch back of nortre dame 
thanks 
i guess 
;-)
cool brb 
you're well if the word was in my vocabulary and you were a girl ,CUTE....but for a young man or men i say really handsome 
you're really handsome 
how tall are you 
cool 
im not much taller 
im 5'7/160 
damnit kid...you're really rhin 
thin* 
i hate to say this....nevermind 
:-\
hmmmmm 
it might make you feel uncomfortable... 
ok....here goes..... 
i'd sure like to see you stripped down to a paib of white briefs..... 
sorry 
now i feel wierd 
im really sorry 
what 
not mad just wierded out 
well if it'll make you feel better i could send you my pick in briwefs
but try not to throw-up 
lol 
ok? 
ok what...? 
what ? 
are you sure?lol 
ok....get the barf bag ready 
btw did your mom leave for vegas 
brb 
you got em 
so are you having a slepover 
lol 
gtg kiddo 
cool...deal 
not a good idea 
im not sure...good chance though 
;-)
ok man ...i just told them all...\"i dont wanna hear fights or any of my stuff being damaged\" 
:-)
hey how many you chatting with 
;-)
hey did i tell you i live here with my bf and kids 
ill send you his aol profile 
http://memberdirectory.aol.com/aolus/profile?urlman=req%3Dchat%26sn%3Dlustfulsucker%26email%3D%26dsn%3D%26dsf%3D1
really 
he told me a young kid had chatted with him...i guess it was you 
no..... 
thats kinda funny.....he thought you were very nice ...i told him i had chatted with a young kid too....but i never thought.... 
lol 
maybe we could all meet....;-)
sometime soon i hope 
let me ask him 
he said maybe we'll be hanging out naked with a young man 
really 
well we'd have to geta formal invitation from the young man.... 
where exactly do you live kiddo 
sure ...i use to work in the area. 
so we're gonna hang naked and what,watch porn? 
sure send me your address 
i know 
when is best for you 
send your address ill talk to the bf real quick 
hang on he decide to use th bathroom.... 
so you'll be ok with two older men comming and hanging out 
ask away i got no secrets 
yes 
why? 
its about a 50-50 proposition 
hang on here he is... 
gimme a min 
it is exciting and fun 
he's not too sure... 
ill try and talk to him... 
hes afraid that we'll freak you out ... 
let me ask you something ok.... 
be honest 
how \"experienced\" are you ....with the porn.....being with a boy or man...that type of stuff....like would too nasty a porn scare you 
yeah i have and to tell you the truth that freaked me and the bf out 
so you know what we look like huh 
the bf says hed never do that to you,,,,,but hed like to put his tongue there 
well we could start with getting naked....jerking and then you could watch me and the bf get involved ,,,if you wanted to jump in that'dbe cool 
maybe not
are you sure 
we are too 
i have to be honest with you kid....we're nervous too 
can you understand why we might be nervous 
why 
right.... 
serious trouble 
so you have the house to yourself 
no brothers or sisters 
and you want the company of two older men 
lat me ask you a very forward question here 
be truthful...and straightforward..... 
what would you like to see happen ...or what would you like to do with one or both of us.... 
and dontbe shy ...its totally cool 
yes.... 
lol 
good answer 
then look for me or the bf online tomorrow and we'll make the final arrangements 
noon.... 
is there a McDonalds or something nearby to you that we could meet you at? 
okay.... 
we want to meet there.... 
yes 
goodnight 
