hi
u live on the beach or Ky?
ohh.,., i was confused., it said KY., then I'm thinking.... thres no ocean in KY>, lmao
i''m in OH, ur neighbor
well not that close of neighbor., lol., Columbus
what part of KY?
ohh ok., I lived in Hamilton next to cincy for about a yr.
so r u stayin warm..,., lol
freakin freezin here
yup.,., i'm ready to go to FL., lol
not a lot, but i have a friend that lives near Clearwater, so I got a free place to stay when I want
its on the west side by Tampa
what part were you in
kewl
I was thinking about going over to that side this year., I think I got a hotel package in the mail or something...
i like to get out and travel, but rarely have the time, money, or companionship to go... :(
ya well thats the way it goes i guess
so where are the good yahoo rooms at? lol
they are all full of botts
too old :((
well they say your as old as you feel....
so that makes me about 68., LOL
just turned 30
well when i say just i mean like in oct., lol
time flys by at this age., lol
its easier to say it then belive it
i'll trade you ages for about a week, then lets see if you tell me the same thing.. lol
lol, riiiight !!
well at your age., you prob. don't have/need too
however i started working when i was 13 and haven't stopped since., thats prob. why i feel old :(  lol
i didn't have a rich family., so if i wanted stuff i had to pay for it., if i wanted money, i had to work.....
so i learned to work, and save money
worked all thru HS
not many 17y olds can say they made $14,000 in a yr.
and keep in mind thats not now, that was back in 94 when I was making 4.35 an hr., lol
ya its an ok job, I'm a warehouse supervisor
but thats enough about work, i'd hate to bore you...
you can ask your dad or grandpa for storys, thats their jobs..  lol
humm, what sounds good to eat., i'm hungry and still haven't had supper., :((
i dunno., thats why i'm trying to get an idea of what sounds good., lol
i'm not going to make it.., i'm single., i'm going to run out to eat., lol
soup?? lol humm, diet?
good, cuz i was going to say u sure the hell don't need to
wb
nuttin, y., and u?
i'm just trying to find someone on here locally that wants to grab a bite to eat., but botts don't eat much... lol
if u were closer n older i'd ask if wanted to cum over for desert.,., but i think i'll pass due to obvious reasons.
what
i know, thats why i passed.
hey now., you know what they say... ohh well maybe you haven't been around long enough to know what it is they say.,., lol
you shouldn't stick that thing out unless you intend to use it., lol  ( that was still pg rated wasn't it? )  *lol
ummmmmmm.,., ok
ummmm..,.,., ok
ok.,., but i wasn't going to argue
you know what i said about that.,.,., lol
and i thought u weren't a kid.,., lol
then why u playing games
you know :-P what i mean., giving false ideas
ummm ok
umm ok
so what are you doing on here other then research, and talking to an old guy
you dunno., ur lost
thought u were.,., ohh wait., that was someone i was talking to like 3 hrs ago.,., lol
so other then talking to boring me., what ya up too
ahh
hummm, now i'm wondering if i should even go get a bite or not., lol
the store? that means I have to fix it., lol
lol., i have that
check my avitar, theres an example of what i like..  >>
well it doesn't matter cuz of ur loc and age.,., lol
hey now
but see theres other benifets >>
i dunno., i guess that what happens when i get horny and hungry., lol
i guess i thought maybe you wanted to put :-P too use., lol
and you don't deny it, so i guess i'm right
hummm.,., convince., maybe not., show interest., maybe
but why would you., your young and hot and kind go pic up any boy in town you wanted too
i know i am
ohh., well then any guy you wanted outside of town., lol
i do i do., but i'm sure your not interested in anything like that.,., ur prob. still going to partys hanging out with your gurl friends, shopping at the mall and all that fun stuff
so nuttin.., i was just saying thats where your interest is
lol., i didn't say you didn't
yup, in oct.
and theres the funny gator sign., lol
lol, ya i had to read it twice
ok., well see if ur intersted or not.,., so u like guys huh.,.,
wanna see my baby pic
lol.,., i know that was just wrong., lol,..., but funny
atleast it was a cartoon pic., it could of been a real pic of me., lol
ya i figured you would want to pass on that.,., lol
why would you want to see an old guy.,., when you can pic up all the young local guys., lol
so why would you add me if i'm gross, nasty and such?
its cool., i don't care or i wouldn't of add you
just curious was all
lol lol
lets all laugh at the old horny stupid ohio guy., lol
i did have a st pattys day pic up
a picture for st. patts day posted.. a leprechaun
so stupid question., why are you wearing a coat on the beach?
really
i take it you get cold easy?
i noticed you had long sleeves on inside too
humm, ok
lol
this year
40 is warm though compared to today...
whats witht the :-P , do you need a work out for it?
i could prob. put it to good use., lol
:">
i dunno.,., but i wasn't entirely joking., lol
i didn't know other ppl made jokes
yes o relly
interested >>
>>
the avitar
an old guy thats too far away., lol >>
cuz i am
i was askin if ur were interested >>
obviously not
there u go again
ya but its just cuz ur bored and i'm too stupid to go eat., 
ohh i prob. do somewhere.,., but i try not to scare ppl away
seriously
cuz watch i will...  
http://columbus.craigslist.org/m4w/307294262.html  heres a pic., even though i look high cuz its like too bright.. lol
omg., you need glasses
lol
ok so you "think" i'm cute and funny., why am i single? :((
wow., what yr is it
lol
feb last yr
yes and no
penny
penny for your thoughts?
lol
lmao.,., i'm sure its the same
wb
>>>
ohh 
its where you create your own avitar person., cartoon pic
sooo
i guess you've got me added., so if your ever interested in >>> let me know..
have no idea., thats ur call
i don't bite unless requested., so it could be a long drive to see the country side, dinner and a movie in cincy, dinner and a walk in the park,., idk., ur call
or i suppose if you decide you need that tounge excercised, you can let me know., as well., lol., >>>
humm, trying to change avitar but i think its locked up??
i was going back to the action picture that was up before
can you share pictures i think its animated when its not in the avitar box..
lol
addy
hey
u have mail ;p
:-P  >:P
brb
back
well what else r u suppose to do w/ :-P
lol
ohh, nm then, ur prob. not intersted
and they weren't ppl., they were cartoons., lol
huh??
what do you mean
lol.,., no if thats what i ment, thats what i would of said..... i just figured your not interested
i'm always interested
lol
yup, do u see my yahoo msg. next to my name., lol
so why u askin if i'm sure for
ohh., well like i said., i'm always interested.,., however u may not be
why would you be
r drama?
ohhh.,., thats bullshit
ya no drama here
but like i said.,., if ur ever interested you know what to do
ohh?
in?
i asked several things and by no way do i intend to make you feel lame :(  i guess just shocked theres an interest of any kind..
i dunno., i guess cuz of age, distance., lack of experience., don't know me., etc.,
lol, darn., lol
prob. not
so seriously what ya thinkin
and please don't be playin games., i've been down that road
i mean ppl who talk on here and they are ALL talk
all lies and made up shit.,
nope
i'm all me
this sounds very very sad....
i guess i could ask you the same thing?
but second of all., its really really hard to find anyone that will take an interest to me for some reason.,., i know i work alot and don't get out much., but hey., i'm human
and like i said i use to live in cincy for a short time., i like the area and i love to travel., so i'm thinking to myself., what the hell sounds like i could eventually make a road trip., hopefully more then one... ;)
and granted it would be nice if things long term worked out., but i kinda doubt it so i don't hold my breathe
i guess that would be more up to you and your interest or lack of that would determine that.,.,
you mean other then a pic? lol
well i dunno., i have no idea exactly where you live, what type of home restraints you have., how long you wanted to spend together., etc.,.,?
mom?
i'm sorry :(
so idk, i guess the next question is how long you wanted to spend together or what you wanted to do etc.,.,
i dunno what you do when you wanna get out of the house
lol.,., i dunno you want to leave it up to me.,,,, actually i know you don't.
lol.,., i'll let u think about it for awhile.,
why would you
i'm giving you the option to plan whatever you want to do., most ppl would jump on that..
do you have local friends that he doesn't talk to?
plan a sleep over with a friend or something
well thats all for you to work out i think
srry, not much i can do about those details
cuz i dunno what best works for you to get out
to be honest, i would prefer to leave it up to you
i'm a very honest person by the way., i've dealt with some liers and can't stand it
i mean i've had ppl lie to me and i just don't like women who lie all the time., so i'm just telling you that i'm honest is all.
ditto
but i'm up for whatever you'd like to do
i would guess that dinner and mabye a movie would be what you want.., prob. too cold to do much outdoors
penny?
lmao
we'll i'm guessing your ex never did alot of things.,., which kinda makes me wonder why you kinda miss him
ohh., well thats prob. a good reason then.
ok., well i'm going to go grab a bite to eat., I'll be back on around 11:30ish.  ttul
wb >:D<
just ran and grabbed wendys is all
ya., but i get tired of it.,
so what did you run so quickly for
ahh
so what does ur dad do
kewl., i took the courses and was going to do that., but lost interest
so where did we leave off
i dunno
pennY?
sorry i ask that alot., always wondering what the other person is thinking
lol.,., theres normally air between my ears., lol
so what do you like to eat? or place you like?
food, lol
i like small quaint little dinners that serve family style cooking
lol.,., you asked..
so tell me this.,., i still don't understand why you would be interested in doing anything with someone like me.,.,?
humm, thought i already said that.,
thats a main reason
i dunno.,
so do you like larossa., not sure i spelled that rigth
right
and i'm sorry did you actually say chilli?? most ppl ur ummm age don't like chilli??
Larossas  I got to be spelling it wrong., cincy pizza
ohh ok
no i did, but i'm also kinda a country boy
ur a country boy., lol j/k
hey now., i told u about that
hummm, must be practicing
so when you start working., what do you want to do
any certain subject
thought about modeling
huh?
no i don't model., lol.... i was asking if you ever thought about it as a career
so there are many different models
you have very attractive facial features
so who did you visist in FL?
u didn't visit someone? where did you stay?
where were u at in the pictures
oh the one with you in a chair looked like someones house
when did u go
oh duh u said that
ok so i'm asking tons of questions ur turn
ohh sry., you keep doin that i'm just horny., lol
oops
WAKE UP !!
hey
:((
not nice to tease
sooo, when do you want to plan to do something....
lol., ur off to bed.,., ya prob.
ok no prob., know when you might be on tomorrow
ahh ok.,., well have a nice Easter and sweet dreams >:D<  :-*  >:D<
ahh, hi stranger
whats new
Happy Easter
lmao., well i guess thats part of easter., lol
choco bunny?
so u going to g'mas today huh
ohh ok
is she local
i see.,., well thats cool
lol
when did you say it was, 23?
ohh ok.,., so what is it you want
lol.,., naturally.,., like..
all that good expensive kid stuff huh.,.,
well hopefully you get something from your list
lol.,., wow.,.,. you can tell ur a city gurl all right., lol
or i should just say a gurl they all want money
sure we do., i want it to pay bills., not to spend on myself though...
lol.,., nutttin i have is cool.,., i'm an old cheap fogie
ya on a computer that I often use for work that is prob. 5 yr old.
yes i did, but i wouldn't go so far as saying its "cool" stuff., lol
did u buy it., lol
thats what i figured
where is ur awsome job at
i'm sure you'd find all types of things to waste ur money on., lol
stuff you use vs. stuff you need?
think about ppl 20 yrs ago and what they had vs. what you have ;)
well thats prob. a bad thing., you would be more knowledgable and have more of a respect for things if you did.,
not trying to be rude., just talking i guess
well everyone is to someone aint they?
bye i guess, again happy easter., and i wish you well in life.,.,.
humm, thought you were done takin to me :-/
i dunno, wasn't tryin to be rude.,
serious
i dunno., just bein me i guess :(
nope
? no school?
ohh i c
i work 2nd shift., i go in shortly
:-?
idk
B-)
so did you loose interest in hangin out sometime
lol., prob., lol
=))
did u ever figure out what you would want to do
did you have a nice easter
:-/
:-?
thinkin
i think as you the invitee that I'll let you choose
what
in that case i'll come down and we can play checkers., lol
ok,. well that was my suggestion., now its ur turn
oh where is he going
ahh i see., so why can't you wait
i think i'm going to chicago this weekend..,
ohh i see.,., well i guess no rules is fun at times.,.,
visit some friends
long enough., 6.5 hrs
ya its kinda boring
so... whats ur idea/suggestion
something other then checkers., lol
ohh
humm, nope not too much
ok., i got an idea., >>>
well dinner is always nice
well desert is nice too ;)
why would i care., 
everyones got to practice and learn sometime
can you touch your finger to your nose?
try this one figure on your nose one on your lips and one on your cheek, can you do that?
ok, stand up and sit down, can you do that?
i'm serious play along for a min..
can you?
ok then i don't think you'll have a prob.., it sounds like you can follow directions pretty good.... ;)
but now i guess the quesiton would be if you'd even been interested or not.,,
i think so too
penny
lol
so what are you interested in?
orally
giving., receiving., both?
oh yea
were u wanting to just give., or receive or both.,.,
and i guess since ur new., you prob. don't konw., are you a good or bad gurl
good = swallow, bad = spit
oh ok
did ur friend tell you what she did
oh ok.., 
penny
lol
why., what if i wasn't
lol..,, maybe.,  and then what
is that all ur interested in
if u dunno., how am i suppose to know
well i'm glad you think i'm cool.,., i appreciate that. ;)
i was wonderin if oral is all you were interested in is al
like you tell me., i'm just askin the question., if you can't think of anthing else you must not be interested in anything else
?
do you see the picture >>>
are you interested?
what if you were flipped the other way? interested?
thats what i was asking when i said just oral.,.,?
oh you have?
i dunno., u didn't do oral?
ohh ok,...,., then maybe your only interestd in the oral at this point
thats all up to you
so was that with ur ex
how was it., 
? it wasn't ur first time.., or the first time wasn't fun?
ohh., why not
oic
penny
no not at all.,., why would i
i admire your honesty
np
i'm wishing i wasn't going to chicago., lol
yes i am., i wasn't making it up.. :(
humm
what would you have planned if i was able to come down
lol
sorry didn't mean to laugh., have you ever watched dateline
its a news broadcast
they had an episode where they were catching ppl with underage ppl.,., lol
ya., it was a sting operation type of thing.,..,. thats what i'm thinking this is..
lol, no just part of the secret operation
lol.,., ok
so anyhow., what day? i'm wondering if i could stop in on my way to chicago
i asked for a reason...
when.,
unless u don't wana
no.., but that doesn't mean i can't go that way
well what ya think
would you be interested in me stopping in., or would it be a waste of my time
just reassuring myself
so,.,., heres your homework, lol..
i need ya to do the following., shoot me an email with your address and phone number.. and it would be nice to see a few more pics of you ;) ...  this way i can map your location and plan my trip...
ohh.,., well i wasn't going to use any of that until i actually got there incase i got lost i could call..., I guess your the one that needs to decide how much trust you want to put into me... so its ur call...
got a stupid question...
if i wanted to bust you, why wouldn't i do it after the fact?  .,., that should prove that busting you isn't my intention.. ;)
i find that alittle strange., but ok....
if you wanna give me a jingle sometime you can.,., didn't u say you had a cell ph.
i'm at 614-354-3666 who's your carrier?
curious i'm sprint
anytime after 9 is ok, 
if i don't answer just leave a msg., i might not get to it right away if i'm working.. 
so how long do u prefer me to stop in for.,.,
i mean how long might you want to hang out for etc.,.
i dunno., when is ur dad leavin on thrusday
i can stop in thru. night like late after work? and i could stay for either an hr or two or until morning., thats up to you..
not if u don't want me to
it wouldn't really be the whole night anyhow., i get off work like really late., so i mean i would prob be there like at 1 or 2 am, unitl morning.,.,.  if that was ok....
lol
serious
i figured you'd be up practicing all night., lol
practicing oral >> lol
what?
how on earth what
it was just an idea
how long were you planning on practicing., :-/
i'm talking about giving and receiving oral
so then you don't want to now....
wow., i'm confused
i didn't think it would be that hard.,
i would think with someone lickin ur kitty it would help you stay awake ;)
you'll fall asleep waiting for me to get there.,., ok i got ya... so what time
when do u go to sleep
how long is your dads trip
well that leaves monday out then
well i was going to divert my plans/trip so that i could stop in but it sounds like you either really don't want to or your not willing to stay up that late.,., :(
hi
bye
still here.,
gettin ready for work
ok
yup
tomorrow
i think your all playin games now., everytime i talk to you, you get moody and leave., so whatever...
ohh
:-/  yes
no thats a questionmark face
i'm in limbo., dunno what to think
i have enough games that i don't want with other ppl in my life., and i'm tired of that
i dunno
i guess when i get back from chicago., if you still want we can talk from time to time., if your still interested in talking I guess your actually interested..
if you want to call sometime thats fine., i don't care if we chat on the phone or on here.. either is ok with me..
y would u think that
well with the time that I get off work, and the time it takes to get down there., thats what time it would end up being., prob..  it isn't like i was making up weird times
thats the way it goes.,
? ur quite
i do.,
sure.,
gettin to know someone or playin in the dark is the best way to do it., \
but prob. some other time would be better, that way i'm not rushing to get there, and your not tired from having to stay up....
well thats ok., theres always another time
well i hope you make the most of it., invite some friends over and watch some movies
well have her mom pick you up and go to katies
?
what would be the difference if katie came there or you went there?
and he would know how
do you have an answering machine?
check it from katies and when he asks why you didn't asnwer say you were sleepin or in the shower or something..
ohh well.,. i guess maybe you'll just have to order pizza and watch movies alone then or something...
i'm sure you can come up with a list of things to do...
well find one of your local friends and invite over
what?
y whatever
u don't think they would be interested...
isn't ur ex from ur school?
ohh
and you don't have any other pics huh
just find it strange that the only ones you have is when you were in FL
do you have a camera phone
so are you ready to give me your number and address yet?
do you still want me to with it being late
whats the addy?
sure., what city?
KY
what road is next to yours
are you near 27?
phone #
ya
is that home or cell
whats your home number
i'm making sure it matches the address you gave me
i gave you my number the other day, obviously you didn't want it or you would of wrote it down... :(
and I didn't say i was going to call the number.,...
humm
your 2hrs away from me
oh did i
lol, sry
paige is a pretty name, whats ur last name
doing a few internet searchs
just surfin
so my number is 614-354-3666, if you wanna call after 9 thats kewl
penny
so what are you interested in if i come down
sure thats fine
what r u you interested in
whatever you want
reg? is there non reg?
ohh, thats non? lol
normally about 1 :(
well i'm the boss so its extremely hard to leave early.,...
?
idk, u still interested
i plan on being half way to chicago by then
well what i mean is if i wait to come there in the morn., then that puts me way behind on getting to chicago... :(
sure
you should go to bed at like 8 or something, then you can wake up around 2ish
hey, i got to run to work., call me later...
