hi midnight.  nice profile.  how are you tonight?  where in Ga?
35 / male/ atlanta 
you?
you look older than 15
you have a nice look about you
lol
no no no....you look early 20s
no no....why should that be a problem? 
no no no....not me....not my style....Ifeel age is just a number....its how you feel....its how you carry yourself
exactly....I've been color blind most of life 
yes they are
and I apologize to you on their behalf....and since they have no clue about how they are
lol
I know...I know
lol
you don't see it on the chat window?
just damn
hold on.....
:-?
ok
no problem
just sent 3 pics
:\">
thank you
just pic on prof.....can you email me other pics of you?
sure
very nice......I liked them.  so you need supervision huh?
>:)
lol
you have more pictures?
I can take more....I have a dig camera   ;;)
yeah.....memory card holds like 400 pics
and will do a 3 min movie as well
WITH sound
I have enjoyed it
so where \"by columbus\" are you?  I have been down that way....my dad was stationed at Ft Benning
that's fine....I'm cool not knowing where you are.  I mean what are the chances that you and I would ever meet anyway?
I dunno
guess I presumed you wouldn't be interested in meeting me
I try not to presume stuff.....know what I'm saying?
well.....I don't automatically think that you would want to meet me.....simply because of our age difference.  Not all people view age as just a number
true
what about your parents?
lol
tell me about your ex
what island?
cool
how long has it been since you have been with him?
good
glad to hear that
yeah
that must have been tough for you
yes it is
brb...can ya hold on a few minutes?
cool
lol...why is that funny?
:-P  back at ya
well...I didn't know if you were on your way offline or something....lol....I dunno....lol
oh...and I have a rule.....don't stick your tongue out unless you plan on using it.....lol 
:-P
well.....when we meet
lol
I would...I love to kiss
so what do you do to keep yourself busy?
what do you enjoy doing?  if those things were available to you
sorry.....>:D<
totally my fault
:-P
damn...what can I ever do to make that up to you?
well you started it
yeah you did  :-P
why you want a pony?....lol
it was...it made me laugh
you're quite welcome   ;;)
heya back at ay
and what makes you say that?
and what if I do?
problem with that?
good
well I'm glad to make  you feel good
so tell me what you like to do......say when we meet.....what would be your ideal time?
for how long?
wow
when she leave?
and what would you enjoy doing when I come see you?
I'm down for whatever as well
:-?
well if you would say yes...then it would be safe to say that you would want to do that as well....correct?
sure........
I would enjoy being close with you on the couch or wherever.....and kissing you......and if that lead somewhere...so be it....if not, that would be fine too 
doesn't have to unless you want it to...I don't go where I'm not invited
so now its your turn to answer..... if u could do one thing with me at all and i would say yes what would it be?
welcome back   >:D<
awwwwwwwwwww
that is not right on ANY level
cool
it would be hard for me to imagine you being bored
yeah...but are the guys there blind?
I don't understand that......they are missing out
are you kidding me?!?!?  you are quite attractive
I know what ya mean
the way we think causes us to feel a certain way which causes us to act a certain way
>:D<>:D<>:D<
anytime
so tell me.....what's on your mind?  what are you thinking?
and tell me what you mean by \"in the guy way\"....just so I know what you mean
oh hell no
lol
:-P  back at ya
:-*
:   then    -    then *    I think
:-*
yep
its not in your smiley list?
good
so do you cook?
whatcha gonna do while mom is gone?
what about eating?
well not necessarily the crazy stuff...but just cook
really its a matter of following directions
and if you screw it up....then order out    :))
I can relate...its much easier at times
I'm curious to know what you are thinking
:\">
thank you
you know what I could use right now?
a massage...especially my shoulders and neck
well I'd let ya practice then   :-P
but I would give you one as well
I'm fair about that
lol
give me an example
tell me how he was not fair
like?
so he wasn't in to pleasuring you......he just wanted you to pleasure him
so you wouldn't go down on him unless he went down on you.....and then you two just ended up doing regular
but you would have liked it if he took the lead and went down on you
I hear ya
see...I wouldn't want you to go down on me because you thought I would like it....I would want you to go down on me because you enjoyed it
so he never went down on you?
have you thought about it?
I can tell you one thing
my tongue would be all over you.....your mouth, your nipples....down between your legs too 
and you would be pulling my head back up saying....\"ok baby ok baby...that's enough now\"
then I would turn over and you could ride my face for a while
no...I would
and I would play with your nipples while you rode my face
its all about your pleasure
I bet you are wrong
lol
I KNOW you are wrong
I know where you are coming from......but I mean what I say
why is that?
lol
well I'm hard just thinking about going down on you and you riding my face
and when I make you feel good....you want to make me feel good
should I be saying \"if\"....or \"when\"?
brb
back
thank you
when would you be interested in me coming down there?
the whole weekend?
if I came down tomorrow after work where would I stay?
if I came down tomorrow after work and stayed til saturday evening....where would I stay?
I'm just asking.....what about neighbors?  what would they say?
so nobody lives near you?
I owuldn't want to get you in to trouble with your mom because someone said something
so you want me to come down?
sorry  :\">
if you say so   :-P
ok...another question..........
how do I know this isn't some kind of sting operation?.....I've heard a lot about those kinds of things on the news 
yeah....man shows up....and then he is escorted out to the back seat of the car...in cuffs
lol
no...but I have heard stories in the newa
news*
I've heard stories like that on the radio
do what?
no no...didn't see anything....heard it on the news on the radio
and you are not working with them
lol
so....what do we do now?  how do we set this up for me to come see you?
I'm known for asking good questions from time to time....lol
ok
yep yep
so what are you thinking?  tell me your thoughts
so you want me to come down tomorrow after work?
i get off about 5 pm......
when is mom leaving?
so that shouldn't be a problem then
I should be able to be there about 7pm or so
white explorer
why?
so what is this small town I will be coming to?
ok
yes....I see it
you're just north of columbus
yeah it looks like it is out in the middle of nowhere
how close is your closest neighbor?
how is it that you ended up out in the middle of nowhere?
cool
what about us talking on the phone before I come there?
call me after your mom leaves....how about that?
I cna give you my cell number
678-274-2395
by the way....my name is Jim
lol
cool
so I should hear from you by what time you think?
and if I don't hear from you by what time that would mean that it is off and that I should not come
no problem there....I'm printing it out right now
so now tell me....what are you thinking about?
cool
same.....and driving up and giving you a big hug 
:\">
ok....well I'm gong to head off to bed now
if I am thinking of you I won't be able to go to sleep...:-P
and you may leave me an offline or email and I'll check it in the morning before I go to the office
lol....ok....well send an email since I won't get an offline IM at the office....holdyoucloser2003@yahoo.com......sweet and pleasant dreams to you....will look for your call
>:D<:-*
