hey
not much
where do you live at now? 
no way, I'm in cincinnati ohio 
we are not far apart 
you there? 
so how could you at 14 move? 
ok 
I'm Scott, 34 here, nice to meet you  
yeah, do you? 
lets trade
sent
your very goodlooking
thanks
how old do I look? 
cool
so what all have you done wiht a guy before? 
thats kewl
you thought of dong anymore? 
thats kewl
whats the oldest guy you have been with? 
how old was he? 
cool
wouldn't your mom and all be upset if you ran away? 
how come? 
why do you want ot run away? 
ok 
so do I look like someone you would want as a bf? 
well you seem cool so far 
your not a cop or anything like that are you 
well I have to be careful  
I eman I could go to jail 
or I could call you, I have free long distance 
oh, well if you call me now it will show up on the phone bill, that would not be good 
oh ok 
so what is it you like about older guys ? 
well if are you are wanting is a guy for his money an stuff I'm not for you.................I'm looking for a bf, not to be a sugar daddy 
well yeah I know that 
I'm not saying I wouldn't take care of you, but at some point you would have to get a job and all also and help out 
ok 
so why woldn't your mom miss you or be upset? 
so your mom doesn't really care about you?  is she home much? 
damn 
you ever see yoru dad 
ok 
you have any ohter pics of you? 
send all you have 
nice pics 
that al lyou have? 
its cool
I think I need to come to Lima soon ot meet you
I mean, I can get a motel room, you go somewhere and I pick you up there, that way I don't know where you live
, I don't care if you live in a trailer 
sent
did you get it? 
I don't have an x, sorry 
jsut so you know I am a top, so if we dated, i would want to top you
do you think you would like being fucked? 
it would hurt at first but I'd make it feel great
hey
wsa kicked off, sorry cutie
not at all
ok edit
Scott
ok 
you calliing ? 
you there? 
you sounded nice on the phone
thanks
I would like to come ot lima and hang out see if we hit it off 
as long as we were to hit it off, yeah
I am sure I'll like you, but maybe you won't like me
we at least need to spend one night together and see 
yeah, or I can get a room with 2 beds if you would want
well one big bed, that way if you want your own space there would be room
well if you wre not comfortable cuddling up with me
hello? 
you got quiet 
I said if you were not comfortable cuddling up with me, you didn't say anything 
lol 
you know we have to think all the way through this..................cuase once you get down here, you would have to get back in school and all 
they are going to want your grades from your school now, and people will suddenly wanna know how I ended up with a 14 y/o "son" 
in order to do that, you have to be enrolled in a school, but you just dont' attend the school 
I know, I'm a teacher........lol 
HS history
man to bad your mom doesn't want to get rid of you, I could adopt you....lol 
I'm sure she would ask for alot of money....lol 
how old was she when she ran away? 
damn 
all I am saying is, if she would give up custudy of you, it would be no problem here, I would be your guardian, and could enroll you in school, no one would question anything 
thats all I am saying 
well not at first, I teach at a vocational school, its 11th and 12th only 
hot? 
yeah, they have academics as well as vocational programs 
does your mom know your gay? 
LOL 
lets save the history questinos for a bit later 
so does your mom knwo your gay? 
, I'm sure your a smart  
you don't have to impress me for me to like you, just be yourself 
ok, I'll ask 1 , ok? 
who was the 16th President of the U.S.? 
correct    :-) 
that is correct 
let me ask you ..............do you think you need to impress me cuase if you don't I might not like you? 
ok 
you can be honest with me, It won't change who I feel about you
yeah 
yes I see 
I'm sure your fine ..............just be yourself ok 
ok 
and if you just want a friend to live with and take care of you thats cool also, we don't have to have sex and be bf's 
oh I would love that, just saying I don't want you to think I wouldn't like you or help you if you didn't want that 
ok, I want someone to spend my life with 
well I'd make you study, being a teacher I would want you to be good in school
ok, lets see
what year was the Constitution signed? 
yes
1789 
don't be sorry 
you can't know everything  
but ya owe me 10....LOL  j/k 
you don't have to give me anything 
ok another one 
hummm 
what event lead to the U.S. entering world war 2 
no, that was WW 1 
yeah, but the ship being blown up was WW 1 
very good babe
;-) 
its ok
we need to find a way for your mom to give me custudy 
you don't have to be my maid  
, you don't have to sell yourself to me, I like you, you seem like a great guy, don't worry babe 
I'm just trying to figure out how to do this, I mean we don't want to get in trouble do we 
I know, I'm saying we have to figure out how to do this, so once you get here there is no way we can get in trouble............people will jsut think I adopted you or something, and it is all legal 
yeah I would, that would make it legal and no one could say anything 
yeah we can
LOL, you odn't have to 
just a bit....LOL 
so we just need to find a way for your mom to at least give me guardianship of you, so I would be legally in charge of you 
ok 
not sure how we can use that 
explain 
so how does they help us in getting her to sign guardianship of you over to me? 
that would work, but isn't she going to ask a ton of questions as to who this person is? 
hummm, well thats an option...........tha way I can get your grades transfered, and tell people down here that you are my foster son, that way my friends and family wouldn't wonder either 
got ya 
well seems that might work then 
oh, damn she sounds awful 
well we need to start working on this then 
you need to gather all the evidence you can, print out her e-mails on her selling and all, and anything else you can get.........then jus confrot her with ti, and tell her you want to leave and if she doesn't do what you want you will turn her in 
oh, damn 
well just gather up whatever you can, and tell her you know about her using AOL to sell, and you will tell the police she uses it, they can look up here e-mails and all 
well you need to find out about that then, I can't just call her and say hey, you wanna sell me your son for a grand....LOL
well I'm saying I can't be the one to ask her
you need to say you wanna leave, that you know someone who will take you in, and what will it take for her to let you go 
yeah, well either way we do this your gonig to have to talk to her 
coin? 
ok 
well once your old enough we can get you a part time job to help out with expenses, but your main focus will be your education
thats not a good thing to do . I wouldn't want you doing that 
still, I don't want you getting into trouble at school or anything 
you would start at cincinnati public, not sure which one. but I would move into a nicer district so you would be able to go to my school later if you wanted
not my school, its a vocational school. for kids that want to be in construction, fix cars, an electrician, work on computers, stuff like that 
you can go there or stay in a regular HS 
ok 
so do you never basically speak to your mom now? 
so basically she wishes you were not around
ok, well then you need to talk to her, tell her you want to leave and that you know someone that will take you in, ask her what it will take for her to let you go 
well give it to her, you won't need it once you get here 
would it be worth it to be away from her and down here with me, living with me legally? 
yeah, well I would have to wait till I can get grand together they may take a few months to save that up
but wouldn't your dad wonder whats going on? 
then tell her that you will send her 200 a month till she gets 1000 
ok, well it would take a few months for me to get a grand together, I mean I make good moeny but I don't have 1000 dollars just sitting around 
ok, that would work 
I can kick in a few hundred 
so we are basically there
yes , unless you have be lying to me, and those pics are not you. I have talked for over an hour to you and I like you, your smart, seem to have a good personality, sense of humor, and your cute 
yes I will like you
wel ldon't worry about it then cutie 
if this all works out you will be here living with me
don't worry about it , I don't need an x pic of you
well you have to talk to your mom and see how that goes, if she is ok with it, I can come whenever and we will have to get all the papers on guardianship worked out 
well after talking to you I don't think I need to test you out. I like you * I know that 
and I want you to know, I don't like you cuase your cute or for your body or anything, I like you for you 
well I prolly could, but until you talk to your mom you couldn't come back with me
yeah, we would hang out, watch tv, order pizza or go out to eat, tallk, get to know each other and all 
I can ask ya more history questions also 
lol 
lol 
I'll give ya a chance to win the 20 back you owe me now
no, you got it wrong at first 
ok 
when I come up I will let you win your money back 
LOL 
no, you have to wait cutie 
hahaha 
ok, so you going to talk to your mom? 
you said she was in bed 
ok 
well talk to her ASAP, the sooner you do that, the sooner you can be moved in with me 
yes  :-) 
why is it not real? 
and no one wants you 
well I don't want you for just sex 
if I was not really intersted would I be asking to make this legal 
with me you can see i don't just want sex 
well thast not what I am after 
and I would want you t ogo to college also 
so  your saying you can feel I am different 
oh I do 
trust me I do 
I want us to be best freinds, bf's and life partners 
I would like that 
nothing 
we will still be together 
unless when I get older you don't want me 
I dont' care about age , I look at the person, so your age does not matter to me 
hug you 
at first 
, I am not out for just sex from you 
I know, and we will do that 
but the first thing when we meet is not going to be have sex 
lol 
LOl 
, by the end of the evening we will have sex, ok? 
but first I wanna talk to you, hang out get to know you more 
ok 
lets see 
I will be 
have you had a class on government yet? 
ok, so can I ask you a government question then? 
ok, how many members of the House of Representatives are there? 
no 
thats the Senate 
let me give you antoher one 
its only fair 
whos signature is the biggest on the Declaration of Independance? 
very good, we are even 
lol 
I have you buddy listed , did you buddy list me? 
oh, there are 435 members in the house 
yeah, based on each states population 
no, they number in the house is the same, just how many each state sends changes 
but there are always just 435 in the house 
cool 
well i have you on my buddy list babe 
did you buddy list me? 
I'm glad I ran into you  
you have my #, call me anytime 
yes this is for real baby 
what? 
different good? 
lol, well great ready for more of that feeling, cuase soon you will be living in your new home with me   :-) 
yeah, and we will be boyfreinds 
what do you mean? 
ahh got ya. I'm sure your geat   ;-) 
I beleive you 
how many guys have you done things with? 
its ok 
are you sure about that ? 
about being ok with doing that? 
if we do that, it will be because i love you 
if you are ready yes, you don't ever have to do anything you are not ready for 
ok 
well make sure to talk to you mom ASAP then baby 
ok, love ya 
yeah I do, i can feel it 
I wouldn't say it if I didn't mean it
lol 
yep, and you have my # also 
ok, love you baby 
:-*
Hey 
how are you doing? 
good to hear
so whats new? 
well that sucks 
your awful quiet today 
what ya thinking? 
about?  lol 
awwww   :-) 
mine doesn't no
its cool
so what are you doing today? 
just got up here 
why so early? 
on the weekends I sleep in late 
usually till around 10 or 11 
who woke you up? 
oh  
are they passed out now? 
why do you have to have food for them? 
oh ok 
I wish I was there holding you in my arms 
have you cuddled up next to me 
thats kewl 
not sure if I'll be on later 
damn! 
oh I am will prolly be on for an hour or so
ok 
yummy 
if you get any on your I'll lick it off 
yeah I am 
had to run to pee 
lol 
so what do you have planed for the day once you can clean 
I can understand that 
you neeed to talk to your mom today 
ok 
and what are you going to do? 
that might work 
but what if she ask to meet me and my wife? 
ok 
Oak Hills 
apartment 
ok 
sounds good 
and then you just need to say that she needs to sign guardian ship over to me and my wife 
its just form that goes through court that says I am your legal gruadian, that I am in charge of you and make all decisions regarding your care 
go through a lawyer, I'll check all of that out 
well believe it, if it all works out it will be totally real 
yeah 
you will have your own room so it won't look strange when people come over, but you will sleep with me
cool 
and in public or around others it has to apper as nothing is out of the ordinary 
yeah 
:-) 
yeh I do 
sure 
that sucks 
I might be, if not I'll see ya on soon baby 
I love you 
yes for real 
hehehe 
:-*
hey sexy boy whats up? 
cool, how was wendy's 
did ya get some food, or just hang out? 
ahh ok 
was anyone there? 
cool 
your mom and that up yet? 
got ya 
well if I jsut get guardian ship your name will still the same, if we can eventually get her to let me adopt you, yuo uwill get my last name 
last name is Brown 
what is yours now? 
ok 
getting cleaned up, have to run out in a lil bit 
lol, let me think, hold on 
who did we buy the Lousiana territory from? 
lol 
who were the two men that explored the territory 
lol 
ok, I have to get clenaed up and head out of here, can I chat more with ya later sexy? 
I have errands to  run, grocery store, walmart and all 
yes it was 
cool 
well I'll catch ya on here later, ok? 
love you 
:-*
hey whats up
that doens't sound like fun
ok 
just got back here 
relaxing before meeting freinds for dinner 
we don't have it at mine, but I think you have to be 15 1/2 to start ot something
ok 
not at school, but their are private driving schools to go to
nah 
Feb 17th 
we will think of something, we have alot of other stuff to do before we think about that 
its ok baby 
yeah, grew up with tme 
them 
well we might have to get one then 
yeah
well my place is not big enough for a big dog 
never been up there, I always go to Kings Island 
cool
sure we can go 
hehehe 
well I am off all summer so whatever we want 
yep, I love camping 
Ihave a huge tent 
well yo uwill soon 
you'll be fine 
you don't have to do that 
and we will both work togther doing the clening here 
is what like for rent? 
lol 
oh I'm sure it is 
well the sooner you can talk to her and all the better
ok 
sorry, watching a football game also, and on the phone with my friend trying to figure out where we are eating at 
not yet 
I will once we know everything is set 
I will prolly tell them I have taken in my cousin who's parents found out he was gay and kicked him out 
yeah, I mean to everyone else a 14 y/o and someone my age shouldn't be bf, so until you get of legal age no one can know 
ok 
yeah
no they won't
yeah it would 
well baby, I have to get ready and all, so I will chat with you later, ok? 
ok, later baby 
ok, well have fun, talk to you soon 
hey whats up
Hey   :-) 
whats up silly boy? 
cool
how is my baby boy doing? 
yeah I did, I always have fun with my freinds 
just had dinner and drinks and talked 
did you watch a movie? 
ahhh ok 
so what are you doing today baby? 
I'm having lunch with my mom 
hey I wanted to say something...................even if you moving in wiht me doens't work, I will always love you and be here for you, and as soon as your an adult I want you to move in with me, ok?...........................I'm not saying it won'twork, cause I am going to do everything i can to make it work, but just saying I will always love you  
not at all 
as I said, I am going to do whatever I can to make it happen, but nothing is 100% certain, you know that baby 
I hope also baby, cuase I really do care and love you 
I'm just saying if it doen'st work out the 1st time we will keep trying till you are with me 
that is if you love me and and want to be with me also 
what stuff? 
well I do
so I'm just saying it may take time, but sooner or later you will be here with me, ok? 
ok  :-) 
nope, I don't go back till tuesday 
that sucks.....lol 
I'll be thinking about when I am in bed tomorrow ......lol 
I as trying to be funny 
when your at school in the morning, I said I will be in bed thinking about you.....lol 
lol 
no, do you? 
ok 
and if it takes awhile for all this to work out, I will make it up to see you on a regular basis, ok 
and we will just spend like weeknds together till we can be together full time, does that sound good? 
so when is your b-day again? 
ok, cool 
and if all else fails, when your 16 you can take your GED and graduate and move in with me then and start college early 
Feb 17th 
it is as good as a high school diploma, you can still go onto college with no problem 
what about them? 
thats kewl, I'm just saying if all else fails baby 
I'm thinking of many different options for us to be together 
baby, you will go to college, I will make sure of it 
not matter if you get a HS diploma, or a GED you will go to college baby 
lol 
but don't worry, I will make sure you go to college 
yeah there are, there are 2 students that are out 
there are very good collleges down here also.......University of Cincinnati, Miami University (thats where I went) and a few others 
you can have all the freinds you want baby 
if you have friends andthey ask who you live with, you tell them yoru adopted dad 
to everyone on the outside it will looke like I am your dad............only you and I will know the truth 
just tell them no, that your not intersted 
you have to make freinds ............your whole life can't be me, its not healthy 
if you get asked out just say your not interested or your dating someone already 
nope 
do you 
ok, well thats a bad habit babe, you need to stop that 
well once you move here no more smoking, ok 
I am really very serious about this ............as I said one way or another we will be together, even if it takes a lil bit of time for it to happen. I want to be with you, and I love you! 
I mean I know other guys have said this to you, and then it didn't work out, but I am serious 
it may not be soon cuase we can't control everything, and you can't just run away cuase it will eventually get us both in trouble, but once we can legally fix it you will be witih me 
are you in this for hte long haul, or if it doen'st work quick are you going to move on to someone else? 
well if she says yes, you c an move down right then and we will do the paperwork after your here, the legal stuff can take a bit, but not long
that makes me happy baby 
1st I would never do anything with a student of mine, 2nd I don't have other guys I can get with, and 3rd it is not about the age , its about the person, and there is something about you that I fell for as soon as we started talking 
when can we talk on the phone again? 
ok 
I can call you so you don't have to use your all yoru mins on your card on me, I have free long distance 
ok 
its all good baby 
ok 
edit
yeah thats my cell 
I was losing my voice 
yah I just never use it usually....lol 
you won't get any cuts 
sorry its just easier to get me on my cell 
so whats on your mind right now? 
did your mom bring anyone home last night? 
thats good 
do you know how much I wish I was there cuddled up with you right now 
lol 
so how long has it been since you were with a guy? 
oh I know 
I was asking when was the last time you were with a guy? 
was that your moms ex bf? 
oh, how old was he? 
oh I'm sorry, we don't have to if you don't want to 
ok, well think about it all you want   :-) 
oh I have thought about sucking you, have even jacked off thinking about you
oh yeah, I have thougth about that also 
and it won't be fucking, I will be making love to you 
hahaha 
so when I come to see you is that what you want to do the first time we meet? 
ok, we won't do anything you don't want to do 
sure you can 
ok, to bad you can't call me and we can jack off together 
yes it would be 
I'll be here for about another 30 min 
then I have to leave to meet my mom 
ok, blow a big load for me 
=-O  <------------shoot it in there 
I want you to, I wanna taste your sweet cum 
lol 
ok 
hey 
haven 
haven't talked to you in a few days 
oh that sucks 
really 
ok 
wow, very interesting 
yeah, sounds like it 
well she is not really right about me, cuae I told you I would help you out and didn't expect anything from you
oh well 
well I kinda expected her to not be ok with it, so I am not surprised 
I dont' know 
all you can do is if she starts trying to make you do guys for money is turn her in 
well you never know 
what do you mean   " but really need that if I do i can fun"? 
yeah 
thing is if you run away you can't finish your schooling at a school here, cause you will have no records  
what do you mean? 
problem is if I do that to her, she can turn around and say to me that she will turn me in also 
no, but for trying to get a underage boy off the net to move in with me is what she would say 
well she already thinks its more then that, which is why she called me a perv, and made the comment about you bing into that stuff and making money off of you, so in her mind it is a gay guy wanting you to move in wiht him, that is what she would say to the police 
well why don't you just tell her you are going to turn her in? 
she is not going to kill you 
? 
you lost me 
well it will be no better then for me, if I say that to her her guys will track me down and kill me 
well I'm not sure what our options are 
if you run away you can't go to school, you would have to wait till your older and get your GED and then go to college 
well we could, but I thought you really took your education seriously, and wanted to finish school 
well w/o it being legal, you can't go to school down here, there would be no way to enroll you............plus if people, my freinds, and family knew you were here, they would question who you are, why you are not in school at all. I would basically have to hide you in my apt and not take you around my freinds and family 
no, you are in school and getting your education 
and you have friends and can anywhere and not have ot worry about someone asking you who you are and all 
I'm just saying, if you run away and come down here, you can't enroll in school, and we would have to keep you a big secret. not saying you couldn't go out, but we would have to be careful 
I dont' know what you want me to say to her, she is only gong to accuse me of being a pervert and all 
well I understand that 
well several problems she is going to ask me questions I wont' know.............like your last name, the school you went to, grade I tought you in and ohter things that culd trip me up 
let me think and see if I can come up with something 
I need to think  
like I said, I need to think 
I think Germany 
ok 
humm, I dont' know much about her 
actually wife 
yeah, it was right before hitler killed her and himself 
to germany? 
that would be fun 
yeah I am 
I'm thinking 
hey
about to eat lunch 
what did you have? 
yumm
can I have you for lunch 
:-) 
its cool 
so can I eat you for lunch?   put some whip cream on you and lick it off 
could be   hehehe 
ok
