28/m/northern va
I am guessing my age bothers you
cool
so how you doing?
you still there?
okay..I thought maybe after you read my message I posted in the room you would not talk to me anymore
this...
28/m/northern va...with 8" shaven pierced cock looking to get sucked...maybe slide into a nice wet pussy...pm me if interested
so you are not out with friends tonight?
niether am I..justing hanging out tonight
wish I could be doing something..but oh well
yeah
so would you mind if I asked your measurments? 
how about your bra size?
nice...shaven?
do you shave anything else? 
nice..so you dont have a lot of hair there?
nice..if you dont mind my saying...would love to see
because you look like you have an awesome body
and there is just something about a teen body
I think you look great...
but I guess I will never know....
you are welcome
so are you a thong kind of girl? 
that sucks..bet you would look awesome in one
so what are you wearing now?
nice..do you have a cam?
I am thinking...I bet you have some nice small pink nipples
I am?
thick or thin pussy lips?
nice..woudl love to lick them
thank you
so would you wear thongs if you had them?
nice
so do you like to walk around naked when you are home alone?
well if I could..I would love to see you in a thong
no reason to be
so do you like to wear anything skimpy?
nice..how short?
like how close to your ass do they come?
so when you are sitting you can get a clear view up them?
ever worn them with no panties underneath?
ok
okay
so are you home alone?
nice
so have you ever done anything sexual...with a guy or girl?
mmmmm
did you let him cum in your mouth?
did you like swallowing cum?
would love to watch you suck me
I could though 
yes I would
so you ever done anything with another female?
so would you ever shave your pussy?
oh you have a bf?
what if he wanted to do it for you?
Joe..and you?
nice to meet you erin *kisses hand*
so if I was there..what else would you want to do?
would you let me lick you
would you want to feel me inside you?
I would 
I will be gentle
but where would we go to do all this?
when is that?
okay..how long is she gone for?
and you are home alone?
okay
so when you are home alone..what do you like to wear?
ok
sure
when?
sure
703-781-3078
yeah
yeah
okay
I liked your voice too
so you would seriously have sex with an older man? 
cool...all right go and do what you have to do so you dont get in trouble..
call me if you want...
yeah..I work tomorrow till 6 will be home about 6:30pm
but call me when you can
talk to you later
hey you online...remember me?
hey I am online..let me know when you are here..cant wait to talk to you again
hey you
how you doing?
I was hoping you got my message about me not having to work..was hoping you would call
okay...I didnt have to work after all today
so what did you do today?
cool...
I did not too much today
so can I ask you a serious question
are you serious about what we chatted about last night
yeah
okay cool
so where are you again?
okay..you are not that far then
Alexandria
so what you wearing? 
anything underneath?
Herndon is about 40 minutes away from me
I bet you wish those panties were thong panties
what if you did?
would you be able to have some and keep them so your mom dont find them?
okay
what size panties do you wear? ;P
;P)
okay...I will have to remember that...would you rather thong or g string?
g string
but then again...crotchless panties are always nice too... 
but maybe some of each will work for you
hmmm.......
blue, pink, purple....I guess
what do you like?
okay...black will do..any other color?
perfect
so can I ask you another question...something I have been wondering about?
I come to see you...and you are getting ready for me to get there..what would you wear for me when you came to the door to answer it?
or nothing at all? 
okay...well then...how about your shortest mini...no panties..and halter
perfect
so what do you like to do?
me..watch movies, play games, music, basically hang out
do you own any pets?
I have a cat and a dog...
so you have no dog? 
what kind of dog?
nice...
so what are some things that you would like to try with a guy?
what have you done?
I remember you telling me that...
so you liked giving the bj...just not having him cum in your mouth right?
mmmm...nice
ever been eaten out yet?
how did you like it?
did you have an orgasm from it?
cool
so besides taking a cock in your pussy...woudl you try taking it anywhere else?
would you ever try anal?
not if it is done right..you have to be slow and gentle with that
would you try it?
okay..just wondering
so have you ever had anyone put whip cream or honey on you and lick it off?
you would love it..that is if you would want to try that
okay cool
so have you ever tasted your own pussy?
you should
just saying...some females do....
so I am just wondering....were you wet at all after we talked last night?
how about now?
nice.a lil or a lot?
nice...
so would you ever try shaving?
would you do it or would you let me do it for you?
I promise...
but then again I woudl love to watch you shave your self
that is if you feel comfortable doing that
so why on your username do you have the number 78?
LOL..I got ya
so which would you rather prefer...me shave you or you shave and let me watch?
okay...that can be done
I bet you would love watching someone shave you
you will be okay
I wish I could come see you sooner...and not have to wait...you know? 
I understand
my only concern is neighbors...I mean what are they going to think when they see an older guy parking in front of your house and walking in
but with a car parked outside..when they know your mom is not home?
yeah I guess that could be done
so you have not told anyone about this have you?
LOL good call
I am just curious..because now a days you have to be careful..you know cops pulling stings and all that shit 
no I am not a cop...are you a cop?
I am just worried you might get nervous and back out at the last minute..you know? 
and I like you...
so you are really wanting to be with an older guy?
and you dont mind if things go further and you lose your virginity to an older guy?
I wont
I just wish I could see some more pics of you...like in a bikini or bra and panties...you know?
I got ya...
bet you would love to see a cock thought wouldnt you?
I mean an older guys one..one that is pierced
you will in due time..and if you want I will take the piercing out for you..okay
no it wont hurt you..but if you want me to I will take it out...you just let me know
okay
well listen there hot stuff...I have been up since 4:30 this morning..I am getting tired..I am going to go and get some sleep...okay
I am sorry..I am just very tired
will you be online tomorrow at all?
about what time?
am or pm?
okay..I will meet you then and we can talk some more..and if you want you can look my horrorscope up then..okay?
nite....talk to you tomorrow
hey you
how you doing?
thinking
what you would you do after you got me naked
like what?
I dont know if you would want to try something or not..but it is up to you
well....and I hope this does not change your mind...and if you dont want to that is okay
but while I am there...when you have to pee...I would like to go with you to the bathroom
just to watch...try somethign fun with you
would you let me stick my cock in between your legs while you peed?
yes
is this freaking you out?
something I want to try..that is all 
so are you okay with this?
okay..it is just something I woudl like to try that is all
so do you ever sleep naked?
yeah
Jan 29th
yup..the water bearer
LOL yes it is...
but can also be thought in a different way too
I am getting anxious here
yeah...only if you seriously want me to
okay..just have to know when I can
yeah
yeah or depends on what day..and what I can work out with work
just need to know definitely when
okay
well if I come after work..
so you wont answer the door naked?
would you do that for me?
I would definitely want that
but at the same time I want you to be comfortable..so really it is up to you
which would you feel more comfortable doing?
LOL I will
so I bet you would be wanting to walk around naked all day then..just to get used to it
so when on the 17th does your mom leave?
okay..well just keep me updated of what time
so what room would you like to have fun in? 
anywhere else?
that works
I know there is one thing I do want to do
i want to cum on your body
okay..where would you like it?
hmm...I was thinking either tits..or on your pussy lips
okay
how about above then..right near your clit?
okay good
so are you the only one awake?
dman...are you in your room?
was going to ask if you would like to see my cam 
but if your mom is awake..dont want you to get into trouble
so would you?
ok
you like?
so what will you do with this? 
what else?
well if you were to give me a bj...tell me how you would do it
okay 
did I say something wrong last night? you kind of ran off on m 
me
I bet you were comin right now 
comin = cumming...
but I wish you were though
you okay?
why not?
so what do you do during the day for your summer break?
cool...did your doggie buddy join you? 
I got ya..so what...no swimming?
do you go swimming at all?
cool..so do you have yoru own pool?
so are you a one piece or two piece bikini girl?
nice
can I talk to you about something?
you sure that we are not going to get into trouble?
okay..
when you left last night I thought maybe what I was talking to you about scared you off
no no no I like you...I just dont want either of us to get into trouble..and trust me I want to come see you
so with what I talking to you about last night..that did not freak you out?
so you are okay with trying that?
I do..
so do you like to take a shower and feel the running water hit directly onto your clit?
I woudl like to make you feel good with something spraying onto your clit
well..I was thinking...you sitting on the toilet seat...me kneeling in between your legs...and shooting my stream of warm pee...onto your clit
yeah
well now you have...guess we shoudl try it 
so where would you like for me to lick you?
everywhere?...so that means there are no areas off limits?
so that means if I wanted to lick yoru tight little butt you have no problem with that?
okay...
will have to use my finger too....to see if you like it
it might a first a little bit..but once you get used to it..you will love it
so you have never had your cherry broken..it is still in tact? 
well at first it will hurt..but not for long?
but not for long...
after a minute or so it will great...
but dont worry I will be gentle
how old is she?
so she has lost her virginity?
nice..you ever seen her naked?
does she have a nice little body?
ever done anything with her?
ever thought about it?
so is she shaven?
cool
you know I am thinking which would be our best thing to do for when I come there
well I am thinking..should I just have you be dressed in your shortest mini skirt with no panties, and halter top...or have you naked when you answer the door
I did
how about you decide..and just surprise me
does that work?
okay...so do you ever look in lingerie magazines like victoria secrets or anything like that?
cool..
so have you seen anything in there that you can see yourself wearing....besides thongs?
like what else do you picture yourself wearing out of there
bodystockings?
yeah..do you have one of the catalogs available to look at?
okay
a body stocking is like pantyhose..but they cover your whole body and they are see through...and an open crotch
something sexy
you know what I could picture you wearing...if you decide to do your short mini skirt with no panties
thigh high nylons
I know
unless your mom or friend may have some you could use
I got ya..how about your friend?
you still there?
okay..think you can ask her tomorrow?
okay..let me know what she says..but like I said..what you wear is up to you ...surprise me
so what else do you like out of the catalog?
cool
so have you thought of any other places in the house you would like to have fun in?
even moms room? 
ok
so would you ever have fun with whip cream?
oooh...that is something else that is fun
would love to fill you up with it
well if you have the whip cream that is in the can...you put the nozzle into your pussy a bit..and fill it up
would you like to try it?
okay..but after I fill you..I iwll slide my cock in 
yeah
that is okay..we will be alright
so I am curious...have you ever let your dog friend into the house? 
hmmm...okay
cool...hopefully he comes to visit when I am there...
yeah
I have a black lab
so what kind of dog is he?
male dog right? 
so would you have a problem if he was there while we were having fun?
question is how do we get him there with us
so he is always outside?
okay
we will probably have to be careful though...he may try to get a taste if you know what I mean
you dont think he will try that?
what if he did try to?
what if he did sneak a lick in and you liked how it felt?
could feel good to though...right?
if it did..would you let him to continue...while being watched?
dont know..was just thinking that is all
I am not freaking you out am I but talking about this? 
by*
so what if I said lets try that together?
it wont hurt you at all..you will love that as well
so you would seriously try that?
okay..well lets just see what happens with that..okay?
so what time are you going to go to sleep?
yeah same here
I cant wait to come see you
hell if I could I would do it this week during the day
yeah...would you want that?
I understand..I was just asking that is all
and I agree with you..better to wait till she leaves
but listen there hot one..I am going to go get some sleep
talk tomorrow?
okay.... love ya
you too
night
hey you there?
how you doing?
didnt see you yesterday..thought I might of scared you off 
okay..we must have missed each other then
so did you get to ask your friend?
okay
hey I thought of something the other day
while your mom is gone...isnt her boyfriend going to come and check on you?
cool
so are you ready?
you bet I am...
we are going to have a lot of fun
so have you decided what you are going to do when I get there?
so you know what you are going to wear?
may I ask what you decided on?
that is right I did..okay then..guess I will have to wait
so when can I talk to you on teh phone again?
okay
so you said your mom leaves on the 17th?
and she comes back...on the ?
okay cool
I got a new ring today for my piercing
it is a bent barbell...
then for my tongue I got one that has a hoop on the top of it
oh I didnt?
I am sorry yeah I have my tongue pierced too
well I guess you will be soon
you know I was thinking about something the other day..but I dont want you to feel like I am pressuring you...or want to scare you off
well you said you would try the pee stuff right?
well I was thinking about something else we talked about
the dog
well...I have been interested about it for years..I have seen tons of vids and pics..but I have never actually seen it
and honestly..I would love for us to do that together...
but if you dont that is okay I understand
yeah...its real fun...feels really good..and will give you an awesome orgasm
I have talked to females about it..and I have been licked by a dog once 
yeah
actually my dog does it every once in a while
but like I said...
but I think it would be fun for us to do that together..but I guess we will see
dog not here right now...she is with family
that is why I was thinking..your dog friend
is that okay on using your dog friend...okay on trying it together..or both?
the wont bite you..and I promise you will love it
still there?
so how long does he stay there when he comes over?
cool..
so do you think you can have him there with you before I get there?
okay..I hope you do see him..because I promsie you will love it sooo much
okay
you know...now you really have me wondering what you have set for when I come..
I can pick some up if you need me to
okay..I will
and where will you let me put it?
\and where was that?
okay...just wanted to hear you say it
I woudl love to hear you say where you would like my cock
can you tell me...please 
but that is okay
so can I have a hint for what to expect? 
*snaps fingers* damn....
yeah I will come after work..unless I have off that day
in alexandria
I work near that base...I am a contractor
near a military base..sorry kind of hard to explain
hey if there is anything you want to try..that you might have see online...or from talking with your girlfriends..let me know..okay
you ever look at dirty things online?
okay...
just wondering
I was wondering....you live in herndon..right?
where at in herndon...I am wondering how far away are you
I dont know herndon that well..need an address if you can
yeah...that was from alexandria to herndon..but I will need to know where I am going
what is the name of the highschool?
okay..let me try something
so what you wearing tonight?
what do you wear for pj....anything particular?
nice...and just panties underneath?
nice..and what is your bra size again?
nice..very nice...
I bet they are very perky
so do you have small pink nipples? 
can you describe your nipples to me
nice...
can you describe your pussy lips to me...are they thick...what 
okay I am about 45 minutes from the high school...how far are you from there?
oh shit okay...
mapquest says 48 minutes..but I will probably be sooner then that
all depends on traffic
so I bet you have a very tight firm ass
cant wait to see your body..that tight little ass of yours..and to feel myself inside it
oh yeah
you still want to try that?
I will be gentle..we can try it..if you dont like it we can stop...okay
but you know your first time will hurt...especially with breaking your hymen...
but I promise it will feel better quick..then after you will love it
so I bet you are excited
do you think about it?
and what are you gonna do?
damn..you are just full of them arent you? 
just hope you aint a cop...LOL
being serious now
I trust you
so what are you going to wear?  
damn...tried to sneak that it...
god you are a sharp one
no I am just messing with you
so you said you like to wear two piece bikinis?
maybe you can model a couple for me
and of course if I get a thong for you...I will have to see it on you
so when you think about it..how wet do you get?
enough to see in on your panties?
you must feel it though
I mean you get very wet...right..wet enough to where you can really feel it?
nice..and I bet you taste sweet too
guess we will find out
I do have to say you have shocked me..and I mean that in a good way
well with you saying you would try the dog
it is okay..you will be fine I promise..I will be there
so how far will you go with that?
what do I want to see you do with the dog?
I would like to see you get licked by him..and if he gets hard...stroke him...and if he tries to..let him inside you...
yeah
you still there?
am I freaking you out? 
so....would you?
how about the other two?
I promise....TRUST me..it will
and dont worry..I wont let nothing happen to you..I will be there the whole time...no matter what you do..I will not let him hurt you...okay 
trust me...you will love getting licked by him..and I will help you if you want to try letting him inside you...that right there I promise you WILL LOVE...will give you such a huge orgasm 
because there is something with that I woudl love to do
if you do try having sex with him..and dont worry you cant get pregnant from it...after he cums in you..I want to slide myself into your pussy...filled with his cum 
I promise you wont
you wont...I promise
so am I guessing that you are thinking about trying the sex with him?
ok
you have me so hard right now
how about you..you wet?
how wet?
are you playing at all?
okay....
so your pubic hair on your pussy....do you have a lot or a little?
a thin patch?
nice...so are you going to want to see it go bye bye?
you wont...
I dont know..would you rather have hair..or be bald all over again?
will you keep up with it?
ok...so is the hair just on the front..or does it go along your lips too?
nice..and the rest is still bald?
nice
so I am wondering when you will want me to shave you...
that will work...
can we also do something else at that time too?
well seeing how we will be in the bathroom...if you can not go when I call you..not till I get there..have fun with the pee too? 
ok
so you will have the razor and everything?
okay..who knows...I might just take you for the first time right then and there
sure why not
so will you want me clothed or unclothed when I shave you
okay
oh and just to let you know..I have a bald cock too..no hair
yeah
have been for a while now
well now you will
brb phone
hey you...sorry I was not on for the past few days...had to go to southern va for work...hopefully we get to talk soon
how you doing?
nothing much..and you?
did you get my message I left
yeah i was out of town..was a last minute thing
hey brb..have to pee
back
well it is cold in here..so any little bit makes me have to pee bad
A.C. is on..
so we still on for next week?
you excited?
yes I am..so are you ready to try everythign that we talked about?
yes it will
so have you seen your dog friend lately?
you still interested in trying that?
that is fine..understandable
nope not at all
hey I am wondering....you said you wear short skirts right?
how far below your ass do they come?
do you wear short jean shorts?
how short?
do you wear shorts where you can see the bottom of your butt cheeks sticking out?
so do you make your own jean shorts?
okay
was just wondering...now you said you live close to the high school right?
aobut how far?
okay..can I ask you something
I trust you about not being a cop and all..but I would feel more comfortable if I could meet you somewhere close to your house...
well what if it was during the morning time..and not night?
okay..
well then how about outside your house...could you do that?
no no...was going to say..when I get close I can call you..and you can come out and meet me1081574078 you are right....
ignore that message...
you are right...
was just saying that is all
so when can I talk to you on the phone again?
okay...
so once I get there..what do you want to do first?
yeah
I am guesssing you are going to want for me to get naked first
good..cant wait to lick that pussy of yours
so what will be the first thing you will want to do to me?
just keep going with other things
so have you thought about the dog at all?
what have you thought about with that?
well I will be right there with you...you will be fine..I promise
so I bet you would be wanting to see that...a dog cock sliding in and out of your pussy 
if you like it..would you open them for me?
what would you like for me to do while you are doing that
okay I will
so when would you like to get the dog..if it is not raining...as soon as I get there?
that will work
dont start without me though...
but if I was to walk in on him licking you..I wouldnt be mad 
okay
so do you finger yourself at all?
how many fingers do you use?
nice..have you ever played with yoru tight little ass?
so have you been trying to picture yourself with a shaven pussy?
I hope you like how it looks
so have you had any thoughts about the pee fun...have you tried anything with that out of curiousity?
okay..but you still wnat to try that right?
okay...
would you like to try feeling some of it in you as well?
nope..
okay that is fine
we will just stick with the way we talked about originally...okay
so how tall are you again..what are your measurements again
you look like you are about 90 lbs or so
still very nice
that is okay
listen I hate to cut this short but I am very tired...I need some sleep 
I am sorry...I worked 4 straight nights in a row..then had to work today...
I am wore out..need ot get up early
you too
talk to you later
bye
hey you
havent seen you in a few days
that is right..I forgot..sorry
so your mom at work?
oh she works at night?
what time does she go to work?
was going to say..I am off from work today...
I know I know
she leaves thursday right?
and comes back saturday?
okay..so is that teen body of yours ready for fun this week?
what day would be good for you?
yeah..but I can probably get a day off
yeah I could do that too...
would like to try come in the morning and spend a good amount of time though
okay..well what I can do is try to come up wednesday night..then leave thursday morning..
after work..I mean I might not get there to late...
I will have to let you know..I got back in tomorrow...I will find out then..is that okay?
when does your mom leave on wednesday..in the morning or afternoon?
okay..well let me see what I can do with work..and I will let you know
okay
so lets see....we are going to shave you first..right?
okay but before that you will probably want me to get undressed in your room
where woudl you rather in be?
okay that is fine
do you still want to have fun with the golden showers that I talked to you about?
remember the pee thing
okay well that is it
and you said you will have your friend there when I get there..if he is out?
okay
so what is the biggest cock you have sucked?
did you take it all in your mouth?
so I bet you have been wet lately..thinking aobut this week
so have you tried to go without panties at all since we last chatted?
can I ask you a question
are you going to be okay with me sliding my cock into your tight pussy after the dog fills it with his cum?
I did..just wanted to make sure you aer still okay with it 
but I promise you are going to love feeling his cock inside you
you will be okay..I wont let nothing happen to you
have you ever seen the dog with his cock hard?
so did you ever think that you woudl let a dog fuck you?
well I promise you will love it...
I know of some positions you can be in where he wont hurt you
I will show you what to do..dont worry
so where woud you like to for all this to happen..in your room..or somewhere else in the house?
okay...
I just have one question for you
or one request should I say
you still there?
okay
I have one request 
when I call you to tell you I am on my way...please dont pee until I get there..I want you to have a lot saved up
I just cant believe this is going to be happening 
yeah I think I can
if not I think I will have to work in the morning on friday then have the rest of the day off..so I can come over after that..will be working till 9
no no no I mean till 9 am....
I think I am working till 9:00 am on friday..I can be there by 10 am
yeah..or if I am there when she calls..I will just be quiet that is all
okay...
well how about if I leave by 11 and get there by noon?
so I wonder if you are going to be walking around the house till I get there in almost nothing or not?
I know...
so when your mom leaves...are you going to starting sleeping naked and stuff like that?
let me know if you do or not
so how will I find your house once I get there?
okay....
or I can call you then and you can tell me on phone..right?
I would rather do that
if you dont mind my asking..I am bad with remembering these things
how tall are you again?
nice..and about 100 lbs?
nice..and 34b right?
cant wait to suck on those nipples
and taste your sweet young pussy
and are you going to suck my cock?
good...cant wait
so what are you wearing today?
bra and panties?
cool
so do you wear any kind of lacy bras or panties?
nice...
so I bet you like to look at your body in the mirror when you are done with your shower..to see how it is developing?
LOL
do you ever play while looking in the mirror?
bet you like watching your fingers slide in and out of your pussy dont you
do you spread your pussy open?
nice
so do you play with your tits at all?
have you ever tried to lick your own nipples? 
I will show you when I come up...okay
but listen..I got to get going..I have some stuff to do
do you think you can call me after your mom goes to work?
please try to..would love to hear yoru voice..
or can I call you tonight?
I mean after she goes to work
okay never mind I got ya
okay well if you can call me later..if not I will look for you online again later..does that work?
okay..talk to you later sweety
bye
hey you
what you doing?
yeah same here
I am very tired too
that is okay..I just couldnt sleep last night 
dont know...just couldnt
yeah
I may not be able to stay all night though
have to work saturday
but I can stay a good amount of time on friday
so what kind of sexy panties do you wear..anything like see through or anything like that?
of what?
in profile
look again
sorry that is the best I have
thanks...not mine..its my brothers
so are you ready for friday?
good...cant wait
I just hope it dont rain..you know 
I hope it dont...I hope you can get dog
okay...
well I hope that goes well and you get him
so when you are with the dog..where would you like for me to be...in front of you or beside you?
okay...you know I wish I could do something..but I dont think you would let me
record you with the dog 
yeah
I promise
I know..and I dont have mine either..
wish there was one I could borrow from someplace
I might know of someone..I will have to check
so besides letting the dog lick you..and letting him inside you...would you ever try anything else with him?
maybe stroke him
yeah
okay...would love to see that
oh before I forget...
do you have anything for lubrication like ky jelly or anything?
vaseline?
okay..we might need that
for when we try anal
so your mom leaves tomorrow night?
you going to strip down naked after she leaves?
wish you had a cam..would love to cam with you tomorrow
maybe your friend has one you can borrow? 
damn..
what happened?
you left then came back
yeah I am here
that is why it is called yahell
but listen..I dont want to cut this short..but I need sleep..I only slept two hours last night
yeah
okay...
can I maybe call you tomorrow after your mom leaves?
okay...
I will do that then...
I will talk to you tomorrow
nite
talk to you later
bye
hey you
couldnt sleep 
thinking about how I cant wait to see you
and how I cant wait to cum on you
oh yea
so where would you like to see me cum on you at?
okay
so you dont have any particular place you would like to see coated in cum? 
okay
so have you ever had your tits cummed on?
okay
you know what I cant wait to feel..besides you for the first time
I cant wait to see how your pussy feels filled with dog cum
yeah I do...and really hot with his cum already in there
but while he is in you I want you to tell me how his cock feels in yoru pussy
do you think you would try sucking him?
not even if someone did it iwth you?
only if you do it....
would you like to see me do that?
okay
would you liek to see the dog lick my cock too?
yeah
hey is your mom at work?
oh okay
so would you like to see him lick me too?
yeah...
my dog does it soemtimes
yes I do
how about he licks us both..when I am inside you
I can have you on top
and we can do it to where you are facing me and he licks..or you are facing him and you can watch him lick us both
what is your zip there?
so will you tell me on the phone if you were able to get him or not on friday?
yeah I do
okay..I am checking the weather for friday
says slight chance of rain...
do you think you could get him as soon as possible on friday...like before I leave?
okay...
but you will hear him when he is out?
okay...
well I would love for you to get him..because I woudl really really really really really love to do this with you
okay
so what is the oldest age for a guy that you have given a bj to?
any younger?
nice..so you like the older guys I see
and you have never had sex...
sucks for him...
so you have never had your hymen broken
sorry that was a dumb question
so why did he dump you?
LOL
so what caught your interest in me? 
thank you
and so are you
so your mom leaves at 4 tomorrow?
bet you cant wait to start walking around the house naked and sleeping naked
well at least not till friday..I mean you will walk around naked when I am there...right?
cant wait
bet you will be naked from the time you get up friday morning
nice
so what is the biggest thing you cant wait to do on friday?
be with me how? 
and where woudl you liek to feel me when we have sex?
you wont say it for me?
will I be in you anywhere else?
okay...bye
hey you
nothing..and you?
oh...figured you would be home
so your mom left for her trip?
that is cool
so we are going to have to watch what we talk about
you staying the night?
so you wont be sleeping naked tonight I take it
did you do that yet today?
thats cool
worked
came home..relaxed
yeah..it can be a pain sometimes..but I do
sorry..I am just wearing down...
cool...
I had tacos that I made
yeah
yeah..I made it with deer burger..came out pretty good
its good..if made right
yeah..like regular meat..it is just more lean..not as much fat
you might
I like tacos too..especially the pink kind... 
I try to be
thank you..and you are nice too
sorry if I am not too talkative..just wearing down...that is all
that is okay..
listen I dont know if I will have my second piercing in on friday
because it got caught on my boxers today and pulled pretty good...the hole is sore with it in 
yeah..
I will be okay
you can take care of it for me..
think about it...
so are you at least pantyless tonight?
did you?
so what are you wearing?
nice..so how old is your friend?
so did you two change in the same room?
so you saw each other naked?
does she have a nice body?
nice..and you two never thought about experimenting with each other?
so does she have a cam?
if she did would I be able to see you?
if she did have a cam..woudl I be able to see you on it?
what would you show me on cam? 
ok
okay
bye
hey you
nothing much...
so what did you do today?
cool...
so what do you and them plan on doing?
cool
so you ready for tomorrow?
yes I am
so did you sleep pantiless last night?
how did you like it?
did you go nude at all today?
okay...
well can I talk to you about something quick?
okay...I am still coming tomorrow..and I am really nervous..and I know you know why..right?
remember how we talked about all the stings that have been going on with the cops?
well I know you say you are not one..but is there anyway we can change things a bit for tomorrow?
okay...what I was thinking was this...
you wear one of yoru short skirts tomorrow..and halter top..like you mentioned before...then when I get close to your place tomorrow..I call you and you meet me by door...then as soon as we get inside house...we both get naked together...will this work?
okay...with nothing underneath?
okay..and shortest skirt that you have?
okay...that will work too...
but will you go with nothing underneath for me?
okay..then when I get nearby and I call...can you wait for me outside by the door?
okay..that will work...because like I said..I am nervous about getting there and there be cops waiting..you know?
yeah that is what I want...
now you understand where I am coming from..right?
okay...
and you dont want to see that happen to me right? 
okay...
well as everything is looking really good for work tomorrow...
I checked and you are only 45 minutes away
yeah..I will be leaving here around 11...if I get there a little early..is that okay..like 15 minutes early?
okay...
I still need your number though
what do you mean..you lost me
okay..well you home now right?
okay...so when will I be able to get the number?
okay that will work
okay
yeah I should...if I am not..can you call me?
okay..
yes I should be
to the movies?
okay cool
talk to you later....
bye
hey you
nothing..bored...and you?
so you home now?
oh yeah that is right..sorry
so what movie did you go see?
skyhigh? 
oh is that the one that has...ummmm...let me think of his name
okay..I know what you aer talking about
thats cool
I am trying to think of the actor that played in it...
that is it
that is who I was thinking of
so is everyone asleep?
okay..so what you wearing?
panties or no panties..
kind of figured..just had to ask...LOL
so you are going to go braless and pantyless under your shorts and shirt tomorrow?
okay..so are you going to wear a halter top tomorrow or just a regular shirt?
nice
going to leave some open low for me?
oooooooooohhhh a surprise I take it?
yes I do
how many buttons are on it?
so if you left like 4 open..that would go down pretty low...
or you could go with just 2 buttoned...
or 1 buttoned..or non of them buttoned...
cant wait to see
so have you seen your dog friend today?
cool..did it pop into your mind what you will be doing with him?
did you get wet at all thinking about it?
LOL
how wet did you get...really wet?
bet you are excited to try him though
you will be fine
so when are you going to bring him to the house tomorrow?
okay
so do you think you might try letting him lick you tomorrow..while you are waiting for me to get there?
ok
I was thinking about tomorrow
seeing how we will both be dressed.....after we get inside...why dont we go to your room first..get undressed..then start the fun....
that will work too
lets put it this way...I will follow your lead...
if you start to get naked in the kitchen...then I will do it to....how does that sound
that is good..because I will love having you walk in front of me naked
okay..I will talk to you tomorrow
see you tomorrow
bye 
hey you there?
listen I am sorry..I just got home from work..they screwed me..
please talk to me
is she going to be leaving soon?
okay
hey what is your number again.I tried to call you
okay...how do you have a va number?
okay never mind..must be how the area code falls
okay..one quick question
any luck with dog?
cool..you going to keep him there till I get there?
okay..so 230?
yes I will be there...I will call before I leave to let you know I am on the way
see you then
bye
