I dont know
your name sounds real familiar
how old are you?
Oh then probably not
20
too old right?
Oh yea
Thanks 
So where are you in GA?
Im in Alpharetta
yea thats straight
Directly South or East West ?
Ogg
I understand that then
From a different State?
Looking really cute
Ohh*
Your parents let you use the computer?
So you wanna know me!?
Okay then
You arent going to message me
Hellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllo?
Okay then nevermind I guess
Anybody On, that wanting to get Freaky?
Group message: Just a Joke in all actuality
MAD AT ME?
Ohh
its okay
Sorry trying to guess somebodies name also!
My cam made you freeze huh?
My cam make you freeze?
Yea it happens a lot
Sorry just all computers are different but even I have my cam on sometimes too much
SO I have to restart
Im Sorry
You dont have to view it anymore
many
More then just your profile?
Definately
What you wantin to see!
Cody
hmm
send it to C_Gr23Eazy@yahoo.com
Yes I will
Thanks Maddie
Alrighty
One sec let me get on aol
You can add that name if you want also 
I am on it a lot
yea it is yahoo
C_Gr23Eazy
Street Slang for my name
my name is cody green
Being Greazy and living in the South is like something that was thought of highly
You Know it!
I need to sell it though I am getting too many miles to be able to make anything from it
Cadillac Escalade EXT 
Yep
Quicksilver
its more like a Tan though
that is the real name of it also
I could drive you around one day if we made a couple promises!
Well its a long drive would you really be ready to hang out with me, and it be okay?
Alright then thats nice Thank You
do you like Rap music?
Cool
i mean I have a lot of Atlanta Rap music like T.I. and all dem
Ohh yea
where did you move here from?
Nice!
Both parents?
You should live in Atlanta I think it is much better then any other state as a whole besides Cali!
Ohh okay
Was there a Divource?
We use to also
then we lived here for a while
and It Grew Big
Cumming GA, funny enough!
Its up north of Atlanta
Yea
But Im home alone during the week
What would you want to do?
I do
North part of Alpharetta is right near Cumming, GA
We are in Forsyth COunty and so is most of Cumming
Hmm Im not sure what there is to do down there
Would you want to do some Bumpin?
Listening to music & having sex
Would love to Honestly if you would like to
Awesome, Id definately aooreciate being your first
It would be fun just trust me
I swear you can
If you dont mind me taking it from you I actually would love it and never have been with a virgin
Would you really not mind?
I Swear I would be really nice and fully respectful of you maddy
you would like me to lick you and everything also right
Well
Honestly that isnt even a problem
Yes I have condoms
You wouldnt have one
you are too young
I could show you that is true by giving you some of what I find on the net also
You dont have your menstral do you?
Ohh okay then I wouldnt want to either
Would you let me cum in your mouth?
I would love to
Youd also want me to shave for you right?
my legs my cock everything
I dont mind
I shave often anyways
So when are you looking to do something like this?
maybe I will be here
will you and your brother be there by yourselves?
Uh Oh
So you swear you arent lying to me also dont you babe?
Ohh Yea
Could I spend the night and watch over you?
Id love it baby
I swear I am really nice to
but would you call me tomorrow?
Yea Sory
I got booted cuz my cable went down
Why?
Its okay
will you still call me sometime?
Aww
Im sorry
Give me a call
Okay?
Did you leave Maddie?
yea sorry
Hey Maddie sorry I never sent my pictures I was also chatting on aim with some people, I didnt want you to think I was just not doing it because of anything you did okay?
Sent my pictures, some are new the last one is old & Naughty so you'll know
Hey Maddy
How are you sHawty?
>:F<
<:D< *
My fault I cant control these keys today!
How are you?
Its okay Im sorry I kept you up so late
1 sec
Haha
Thats always problem causing
My friends drink and I have to deal with them!
Well she was doin the rantin an we was doin the Ravin
Oh Really now
and you arent just teasing me are you?
Okay Good, I am about to be helping my parents put some furniture in the house in a bit
Will you be on for a good time so we could maybe chat later?
just switch em up when I feel like I have a different type of mood 
Haha
mah its nothing like that, I just talked wit Paul Wall last night setting up how I will get my next grill
It will say C.Gr23Eazy on the top set and Jordan on the bottom
Should be Really Fly tho', Im excited about it
Did I not send you a picture of me wearing it?
I have some big pictures of just my grill now, but I feel girls might be kinf of scared by them is why I am getting a new Grill
22k WHite Gold
You know about uh... Paul Wall dont yuh Maddy?
Yea they are completely removable so I dont have to wear them even but I like them and am glad you do also
I actually read and heard something about that style actually starting in New York, have you heard something like that?
The 23 Represents for him, I have always worn his shoes and clothes
So definately would you like knowing me?
I have one now, but I just mean it isnt anywhere near as hard as the one I am Getting DJ Paul Wall to make me
Just tracing my Texas Roots
I Loved Texas but I am Definately going to Love Atlanta much more!
Definately
So would you give me a call sometime this weekend so we can better plan out what we would do even?
Okay cool, just would like talking with you first
Thanks Maddy that would be around like 10 30 or 11ish aight?
That'd be better rather then you having to call and see if its okay
My name is Michelle by the way!
Definately I dont think you will have a problem with talking to me babe
I have the Down South laid back kind of vibe
Ha
No what are you crazy!
Just joking with you because that was the name I put in when I first made this name
Ha
Yea sorry I want it to just show up as C.Gr23Eazy but I accidently made it a different name when I first made this
Sorry that was me, and you liked them did you?
Sure that is my Yahoo Alias!
Im sorry if it was rude I did that
Just wanted to give you a Headz Up
Thanks You are more then that even
I really want to have a long talk with you okay Maddy, just to make sure that this is what you want
I know first times are a big decision and I want you feeling fully comfortable before anything like that sound good?
You could have my heart then dear
True
I wont make it anything you would have to worry about
we can just talk about things to get out and do like we personally know eachother already
Just be yourself with me is all I ask and be truthful and we will be great friends
Wish I could just hug you right now!
So would we have something to do if we were just inside and didnt do much driving?
Watch movies talk cuddle that kind of thing but I would also be cool with going out somewhere with you like 2 a movie or something
Ohhh yea
that'd be great
Have high fences where we would have privacy also?
Awesome
Is your mom close with them though?
Like coke and stuff you mean?
Okay thats better
That what you mean or are you meaning an alcoholic drink?
Thats Good
I could definately try but it is just such a risk for me to try is all babe
But definately I could try for you
Yea but I will have to keep that underneath!
Ohh
Ha I could definately get you some of that sHawty
Do you like the Hershey Bars that are White Chocolate with the crisp also?
Sorry just that is what i like
Okay Cool I mean I could get you some variaty or anything you want
we will just have to talk about it
>:D<
Trying to make me fall in love with you already?
Definately
it is just a nice warm feeling I get from you
We will have to truly get down do you have a nice Stereo System?
Oh my
We will have a blast then, R you really ready to Get to know me as much as I am for you?
Id really just like to chill with you at your place, so we can have some growing time for one another then we could maybe go watch a movie or get out to go have fun
Like a Video Game Place bowling alley movies any of that
itd be you choice
We will talk more about it
I mean Im not sure of what you like to do all the time so really anything you want and think we could do legally I will take you 2
Just cant have you drinking or anything to go out yuh know?
And I would remain a sober driver if we were going anywhere
Dont think we will have to only do that but Id really just like to have a nice time and give eachother Pleasure in being friends
May I ask you something?
I smoke cigarettes sometimes would you want me to bring them or no?
Okay but really I want you to know
you should never smoke
Same thing for my place so Its definately okay
You really could help me to stop with them even
Just have always had one fantasy I wanted to have happen so I could quit
Did you say you are ready to Have my thang in your mouth?
Okay good
I have to go help my parents and move my truck sorry
Yes but I will catch you later babe
:*
>:D<
Dont Worry!
Hey Maddy
Brb let me get my food
Done moving Furniture tho
Yummy what you know about that Backyard Burger?
Im a fit Piggy!
Have been skipping out on the gym too much lately but
I am still built just right
Definately babe
still eatting I got too much food I might have to step back to put some away!
when should I be expecting your pictures bbabe
'Okay I will just let you ta;l to my impersonating robot then
talk
I am an operated computer that just types letters and magically impresses you
I got the Internet Going Nutz
All computer opperate technics
Gotta Love the 27th Century
Ordering food isnt a problem, The computer has a Grocery Store right next to the Modem
So how long will you be home?
This Saturday would probably be best?
Yea
But could it work out on Friday?
Yeaah I could probably do that 2
Does your mom leave you any money?
Not that I will care to take it from you
Just want to teach you a little about earrning money early in your life
Ohh thats straight
you can spend your money on your own self
I swear I wont need to touch it
You are good enough for me to get my hands on
No Lie Best Eye!
I have to go see my P.O. tomorrow babe
It would probably have to be sometime later that night
like 5:30 6:00?
Probation Officer
I got in too many wrecks and was left to resort to being on probation
Im a great driver though, just have a big truk
Okay Good, will you promise you will be a good girl and wait for me?
Me to come spend the night
And watch over you
Okay babe
This is how I like to say for sure
F'sho and if you said it that would just be cute
brb
So I may even be able to get to your place earlier just have to finish up with them
You want me to shave my face for you also?
okay thats cool I need 2 for my P.O.
Yea Baby
Alrighty
Definately
I will get directions in a sec
:)
1 sec talkin to my buddy
Alrighty I got off the phone for you
Dont be like that
He was just wondering what i was doing tomorrow
Hope So
:*
Yea I dont want to get you to Gangsta but you probably will think of me like that
I am talking to all the right people for me to not do it!
I just have to keep it real to be in contact with Paul Wall
Definately you'll let me call you?
Sorry typing Paul something
Okay but let me ask you this
Did you just remember my number or write it down or something?
Just checking how much I meant to you
but that also means a lot dont think I mean that I think you dont care for me
Soo anytime you can Im ready to talk to you but may have to step outside and have a smoke when we talk
Ready!
Ima get off yahoo for a bit then
Had to reboot sorry my computer froze on me when I came bak up
What happened, did I sound like too much of a robot!?
You 2 you sound perfect, and so cute
Thanks I was pretty sad we had to stop talking so early but talking in person will be much better I understand you just wanted an assurity
Its okay baby
Where is your computer?
Awesome
do you have a big bed?
Funn, Im ready to go to sleep with you on it
Let me go move my truk right quick my mom is complaining
in seconds
I will Hurry
Sorry Babbie*
I tried to get bak quicker even but it was an Eazy thang for me to do
But wow Im still really glad you sound soo very adorable
I promise when we get together our conversation wont be as short as that was either
Gimme your address once more!
Thanks I sound like the grown young man that I am
Right?
Thanks
Just like being assured of how I talk
and for your address
I will put it in now
So may I ask a Naughty?
Okay cool, but if this isnt for you dont worry about it just curious
Would you let me stick my dick in your behind also?
It is something you will just have to grow accustom to
I could start it out with my fingers or something to see if you would be comfortable with it?
But dont worry about that
That is something if it Happens it does and if you arent okay with I understand 
Otay?
;)
Do you know if your mom has any Vibrators or Dildos?
Its cool
Just curious
would you even be comfortable with us using that anyway?
on either of ourselves
I wouldnt mind if you wanted 2 do it to me but like I was saying it is just an option
Duh
We wouldnt have to look through anything to find one if you wouldnt want also
Moving all of yallz stuff?
its okay
Just curious was all really
My mom does but its old and I dont think it even Vibrates anymore
Yea once but I wasnt too mch a fan
Just wondered what it would be like if I ever tried it with a girl
I really dont have any feelings for guys besides friendship
Sorry
just trying to put our addresses in Mapquest and it is giving me a couple problems
Okay thats cool Sweety
message me
No problem
You want me to tell you how long it would take me?
2 Hours and 17 Minutes
but Im really willing to do that for you
Cun ib yuh Mouth!
Cum*
Ha
Just Teasing you
Come to you
But I will hurry and make sure I am doing everything right ya know
You shave dont you by now?
Okay thats planty
Just starting to grow pubic hair?
=P~
Would your mom let you be my girlfriend?
Darn
Could I do anything to make you only want me in your life?
I am a nice person
Really nice when I am knowing I will get it in return and with you having such an innocent voice
I will deinately try to be on the road by 4
Did I send you a picture of it?
Yea my Quicksilver Cadi
Yea it is the truck
You Swear to God you arent just doing this to set me up also right?
I am just trying to be safe
I really am not interested in going to Jail ever
Okay Good and I know you are for Real also, just dont want it to be too perfect to make me feel like I am getting in trouble
Even though if I stayed the night I wold be getting in trouble its okay with me
I want you as a friend
Definately that is awesome
She is leaving tomorrow?
I will get it when I am closer to you so it wont melt!
Ha
yes it does
just sometimes they can still melt
Real Good AC also just everyone ride with their windows down so it messes everything up!
Definately I swear I wont
You want to see my cam?
Get that invite? :)
Sorry just chatting with someone else who asked to see my cam also
I also am sorry for wearing such dark clothes today
I will have some good outfits and swimsuits to wear with you
Ha
Well She is a woman but we arent too good of friends just like chatting to different people
Sorry have hat head since I wore a hat all of today
Ha thanks
It will be better tomorrow and I will have to remember to not wear it tomorrow
Just bring some
hats
Sorry
You are my only reason to smile tonight
you'll have to look at them my lord Ive got so many but my hat rack is empty and they are all behind me on the ground now!
Ha
Hell no
Just dont always feel like getting out of bed to hang up my hats
Here look but the Books on the ground are just from school
Yep!
Ha
that looked like barely any of em 2
Yea I have developed a fascination with hats and shoes
and Jewelry
Fitted?
Ohh it is one of those Button hats right
Yea
I will check it out but im not coming to get anything material from you baby
Its okay 
sometimes it just matters to you later if you keep those sorts of things
Well its a shame Females cant play professional baseball or NBA Basketball
Do they even make Basketball caps for the WNBA teams?
I understand
why do you think my hair is so bunk!
Thanks
I have some Platinum Highlights I have to warn you about
Let me try to show you
Well I have a couple
but I dont mind them
Just goes along with the jewelry I wear!
Ha Im Sorry just have to keep it real with you babe
Thanks
we will have a long chat about em
Thank You
but people just have to remember it is a Gangsta Grill, this is my design and it even made their website
Jawman!
I lost a couple feet in inches when I opened my mouth for you!
Soo I thought you stayed on for a while last night becuz you were still available for a while after you said you had to go
SO I sent you a bunch of messages
did you get them all in offlines today
Im sorry
I keep you up too late probably
When do you actually get to bed usually?
Definately thats straight baby 
Just wanted you to see my cam
I will dress preppy for you tomorrow tho baby
Hope everything works out, and that you call me around like 3 50ish tomorrow okay?
Yes
So you will definately hit me up and I look pretty enough for you?
Ph send me your pictures before you go!?
Okay Thanks
@yahoo.com
without the ; or the lil space
:*
: *
Thats me baby
Thank You
:* Love You Maddy
May I show you something I am going to feel insecure about tomorrow?
I have just been working too hard under the sun lately and getting to sweaty under my clothes
Its my Buttox I really want you to be honest okay?
Sorry I know it is Gross
but just hard for me to get rid of its been like 2 days since I last really started Sweating
It is just from my skin getting irritated on my behind and my sweat getting into my pores
Im really not dirty just hate having to sweat too much and it makes me get to feeling dirty mentally
Okay then baby Im sorry this had to happen around the time we could meet but yuh know, Chit Happens
I will still love you just as much
you want to see my ding dong?
Your Volume turned down?
Wanted to send you a Ding Dong Buzz
So you would put it in your mouth?
Okay baby
Just looking at your pics now
Definately baby
Im going to try getting you to be able to let me put it to the back of your throat even does that sound interesting?
Good I cant wait!
You are going to be just perfect for me
Thank You for sending them baby
You want to see my Hard Cock also?
k!
Thanks
that is good right?
It will begin to feel good
we will just have to have sex a couple times yuh know
Im okay 
it wont hurt to bad and I will go slow with you your first time
Do you finger yourself?
would you try it for me tonight?
Just to see how it feels to have something going inside you
:*
You really want to?
Okay baby thats good
You wouldnt mind me doing a lil video tape with my phone either would you?
Was thinking so
can you not watch anymore?
I swear
it would just be for my pleasure
I could get in a lot of trouble for this
Just have always fantasized about someone allowing me to take their vrginity
Look muuch better then on the picture?
even though its far away Im sorry
Thank You
We will have a Trip together
Will definately have to teach you so you can put it down your throat
While im eatting your pussy
anything you have thought of you want to try?
Okay thats good
Will I make you into a naughty girl?
Dont use it to your advantage
it is actually better to start having that type of intimacy later
but I want to teach you a few things 
Will you suck on my nuts?
Awesome babe
Have I done what
Ha
My Big Momma
She has gained a lot of weight but she is a nice lady
Ha
She did, it happens all the time
Nah Im straight
have to maintain my compsure and play it like I was doing nothing wrong
Nope
Why I stood up
I promise I wont take it out for nobody until I see you tomorrow okay baby
We will have to talk my whole trip down there 2 or I will give you callz
If I may have your number?
Okay thats cool
Are you for sure she is going and knows you will be safe without her?
Awesome
has she left you alone before?
Definately babe
I will just be sucking your toes or eatting your pussy!
I Swear I will
You wouldnt be able to hand me doing that while on the phone right?
Well you'll have to see what it is like when I get there then
She wouldnt hear me
Im just worried about what you'll do!
Its okay baby
Nothing we should worry about it
I will have protection and will have my dick out for you to start learning to suck on when we first get together!
You will remind me!
I will try tho baby
but we will talk a lot
its okay nothing for you to worry about again Ima say
That sounds good baby
I cant wait for tomorrow
I love you and pray for my P.O. appointment to go well tomorrow okay?
Please dont forget to do that!
I hope so, but just know I love you Maddy
Let me ask couple more things sorry
Have a Hot Tub?
What type of Soap do you use?
Okay well my skin is scensitive against that
I have to use Lever 2001 but i will bring my own soap and smell good and toothbrush and deodorant tomorrow
Okay baby
So we can have some Hott Tub Sex
Okay cool
Just a lot I havent tried either
But let me let you go
I need to shower smoking has made me feel real dirty tonight im sorry
Rub your clit for me tonight, try and get your pussy wet okay?
you dont have to stick them in
Just rub the spot that feels best in your bed
Love you
Have a Good Night and I will catch up to you tomorrow to take care of your every desire
:*
You are great
Definately will be an XxX night!
Thanks Babe
Just pray for me I will be praying
Just keep talking to god and dont say anything bad just wish me a good meeting with My P.O.
Kisses an Hugz
=P~
Heloo?
Maddie did you go to sleep?
:(
Sure!
J/k
its okay
You never could forget to decline me right!
Go to the bathroom for that then!
Nah just checking if you were on
maddiegurl92 has declined to view your webcam.
Ha
its okay
Just sent it
I need to show
er
its okay
you need your beauty sleep anyways
I havent been getting too much lately
Yea well I will ty as hard as I can to be for you also then baby
Cant wait to go swimming with you!
Directions dont seem to hard
Im going to have to get you to scream a curse word for me tomorrow so I know you will be home alone!
Otay Good!
aww that is a possibility even!
Well Im still spending the night with you!
sho
F'sho*
Already cool
I cant wait baby
Are you getting horny?
Okay good
Remember what i asked of you and Pray pray pray for me and for us to work out
and I will say I love you Have a good night just getting on here to check on you!
:*
U2 sHawty
Hey maddy
How yuh doin?
Im glad to know that
I am doing great myself
Awesome
what are you plans to do today?
;) I think I already know!
Soo Sweet
Im just packing and cleaning around the house before I go see my P.O. at 3
I believe its at 3
but you can still hit me up around 4:00 aight?
Yea
Umm so did you try it last night?
On my way
Rubbing your clit and praying for me?
Okay Good
That was all I was asking for
Thank You
Feel Good?
Sorry babe, I had to talk to my mom
Can teach you baby
Let me get bak to packing and all and I will come bak and message you okay>?
Otay*>?
Thanks sorry bout it just gotta Get R Done
Definately I will have to brush it and all
u dont forget your cunny also!
Okay just brushed it
Your Cunt*
Just a cute way of saying it
so you dont think you got we last night?
Like the inside of your Pussy lips will start to get wet
I Hope so I wanna eat it up bebbe
You dont even know
When is your mom heading out?
Okay
Otay*
Dont make it something you are nervous or extra energetic about
just let it happen otay>
?
About what?
Has she been mad?
yea and are you taking it good?
like still treating her with respect
Thats probably good
you should atleast let her know that you will be good and everything will be fine when she gets bak home
Okay Good
is this the first times shes left you there alone?
Wow thats awesome
Would you mind if I was only able to stay one night?
I have to go to a funneral in Louisiana :(
Well she is on her death bed
its my step sisters Grandma
Its otay I really didnt know her too well because of our age difference but it will still be sad Thank you
Thats what Im Talkin Bout!
What could I do to cheer you up baby?
I will promise that!
Umm I might have some lil trouble with directions but I should be able to handle it fine
Never beeen that far when I was driving
Have you ever been to buckhead?
Buckhead?
Oh otay
well its a great place
Yea yea
In my wallet
I have to go get cleaned up more babe Ima take a shower and when Im done I will cum bak and message you
something like that
yea I remember that much
I will call you when I get to I-185 probably
Yea I saw how it said it did that
Thats cool
Its otay babe
Okay just call me every 15 to 30 minutes?
Just for a check up
could you do that?
:*
Mos Def
brb
Otay, should I just bring swim trunks or some clothes for the drive also?
k
Definately that is a will do
Let me go take my shower
Already got em packed!
I could also buy more if these arent enough
I have like 6
Probably
You're gonna drink the cum out of every last one of em okay?
otay?*
Definately maybe I wont let you but just if you want to
Would you give me a golden shower?
Pee on me or in my mouth
3
Sorry bout that mom called again
Well you would probably think so just have never tried it and wouldnt mind doing it with you
We could take a bath after we did it also
You wouldnt want me to give you a Golden Shower then a bath?
if not its no problem just curious
Just a Lil Different but we both can do things that each of us have never done so Just wanting to explore my possibilities
Yea baby Ima go shower right now
you have me all worked up!
Yea baby
You made my boxers all Juicy!
Thank You, Im not truly worried just dont know since it is my first time with this P.O.
>:D< till we meet up!
Cuz after I do the thing I will be leaving for you I really hope babe
Definately that'd be good
if I dont answer Im either talking with my P.O. or my mom
so Dont leave a bad message Just Say Hey Cody its Maddie, calling to see how you were doing and how your P.O. visit went
Thats cool right?
K cuz you're such a good girl iz what I love about you
My Dik is longing for your taste!
is your cunny doing the same>
?
Thats Sweet
I have planty of Rap CDs I want to listen to with you also!
Have to chat wit Paul
Alright babe
Sorry
I gotta get ready
just hit me up when she leaves otay!
Love You Bunches!
>:D<
Saaid By Sweet Voice**
Bye
Call me baby Im about to leave
yea baby was gettin worried 4 a sec trying 2 hurry and stay safe also call me soon!
hnw by calling or on my other name typin an driuin is difficult believe me! okay tho
what yuh doim aa babe I THINK YOU SHOUID CALL HERE SOON
LIKE RIGHT NOW WOVLD B GRDAT I GOT LOST
definately jst in traffic
yea baby mite take me a while wit the traffic
wish you could be wit me
darm traffic but Fsho Baby
30 minutes  id guess
on 185!
im on GA 315?
CALL ME
PLEARE CALL IM GOING C CHEVRON
