Hello, this is Nathan from Myspace
Yes, you added me recently and replied to two of my e-mails
I am the one with the dog
age: 23
sex: male
location: Indiana
Not too far away
Less than fifty miles
Yes, have you figured out an answer yet?
Typical girl response
I read your blogs and sounds like you have been having a rough time for a while
You like it better at your dads?
Your mom would try to steal your bfs?!
Ah, too bad
She must have been a little desperate
How is school in Ohio?
make many friends yet?
Cool
So are you by yourself all day?
So what happens to you?
So what are you going to do in that big house all alone?
Well you can do whatever you...as long as you don't ruin the carpet or burn the house down
You could stay up late, sleep in your dads bed, try on his gf.s clothes (underwear included), or run around the house nude
Thats what I did when I was alone in the house for the first time
Send pics if you do
lol
Good question
I would love to but that wouldn't be the best idea
So just do the other pics then
lol
Oh, well just have fun
Are you trying to tell me something?
You keep saying 'all by myself'
You must be really lonely
Understandable, big house, new place, no friends
What would you normally do for fun?
Sing what?
Bet your a good cheerleader
That good?
I need to hear that sometime
?
You could make a video and post it on youtube
You might be able to rent one, or find a friend who does
and whats a dig
?
Ah,
I have to go to dinner now
Will you be on later this evening?
Okay, talk to you later then
Bye
Hello!
?wb?
Oh, thank you
So what are you doing this evening?
Ah, is he much trouble?
Thats good
Just have to keep an eye on her so she stays out of trouble
I wish I had a baby sister
Mom stopped after two boys
I know, but she will be your step-sister
You might like it, being an older sister to her
Did you ever have a pet?
What did you name it?
I once had a cat named Tiger
But then he had kittens so he became Miss Kitty
Then the kittens, grew and left, and Miss Kitty had more kittens
And then those kittens had kittens, and those kittens had kittens, and those kittens had kittens, and those kittens had kittens
Wound up with a stable population of 15 outdoor cats with a history of 150
more or less
Always had cute little kittens around
We also had no mice, rats, squirrles, or rabbits
They were VERY good hunters
Especially Miss Kitty...she caught 29 mice in two days not counting the ones she ate
Dead or alive?
Did she eat it?
Awwwwww, how cute!
lol
Miss Kitty once brought me a weasel
Weasels are nasty little critters that are capable of killing a cat
There were probably weasels in Texas, but here as well
Fortunately they prefer mice and rats
Rabbits, birds, squirrels, frogs, insects, salamanders, lizards, chickens, and other game fowl round out the menu
But they tend to stick with what they can EASILY kill
But they sometimes go into blood frenzies when there is an overabundance of food
They kill everything they see and only suck the blood out
Like I said, nasty little critters
Okay, I think I have grossed you out enough for one night
No more vampiric weasels
I do know alot about animals, anything you want to know in particular
Any favorites?
wb
Where did you go?
I understand
Before you left I was going to ask you what types of cats and horses you like
Cat wise I like the liger
Its a cross of a lion and tiger
Pretty impressive
?
I think I should watch that movie
Anyway, my favorite horse is the Clydsdale
Its the most impressive draft horse
You see them in all the beer commercials
They are very beautiful horses
I am taking horse back lessons right now
The horse I get to ride is named Grover and he makes funny faces when you groom him
He also likes to swish you with his tail
He is also lazy but he is very reliable and tame
His bridle dosen't even have a bit!
I can't remember at the moment, but I think a hackamore
You here?
Sorry, I had to leave for a minute
Sudden
I live around Hartford City in Indiana
According to Myspace we are about fifty miles apart
So an hour or less of drive time
Where do you live?
Do you live in the suburb or in the country?
No nearby houses? I live in the country and our neighbors are about 600 ft. away
Why so many?
*poke Katie*
Sure
(765)998-5702
Nathan Downhour
But I am in college
Nice to meet you
So are you going to call me?
You on yet, soft voice?
Okay, Bye
Thanks, your sweeter
Bye
Hey, I am going to bed. I hope to talk to you in the morning, hope to here from you then.
I'm awake now, Soft Voice. Sorry I wasn' there to talk to you. 
Hey, I will be around all day, except for late this afternoon, I am going to go watch a movie with my brother. I hope to talk to you before then or afterwards. Miss you!
?
Katie are you online?
I'm back. I hope you come back on soon.
Hey Katie, where are you?
Maybe you should leave the messenger on all the time? Then it would be easier to contact you.
Hello Katiedid, I will be on all afternoon and evening so I hope to catch you there. 
Please leave your messenger running so I can contact more easily. I miss you!
Hey Katy, if you come on at all tonight I will be on around 9:30 till 11 or so. Have a good night.
Hello
I finally managed to catch you
Where have you been all day?
Had a good time?
No
Its cool
What do you mean?
Why are they mean to you?
???
That dosen't make since
Well I like you. You are very cool and have the prettiest voice I ever heard.
No, sorry
I don't have any more
I am getting a degree in biology and then go work at Bushe Gardens
Then I will get a masters and teach biology
Do you know what Bushe Gardens is? Its a zoo, with elephants, rhinos, hippos, hyenas, lions, tigers, gorillas, lemurs, zebra, giraffes and all sorts of critters
So I will get to take care of them
Okay
I found some more pictures and posted them on Myspace
One is of me and my brother
The other is a close up of my dog and a picture of our house
We have several gardens
Do you like flowers?
What kinds?
How about lillies?
I found a really neat lilly called the 'Barbarian Princess'
I looked it up and you are about 45 minutes away
An easy trip
Sure I was gonna ask you later though
I was going to ask on Wednesday
It might be the only chance I ever get to see you
Because your dad and gf won't be there
When do they leave?
What time?
I have class till two
So at two I leave and then we cans[end the whole afternoon and evening having fun
Watch movies(Liar, Liar?), talk, mess around
You can show off you big house to me
Its that big
?
Why scary?
Yep
It will be nice to really see you and listen to your voice
Do you want me to get any movies you really want to watch?
Anything else?
You can ask for anything
I like Serenity
You ever seen it?
Its a sci-fi movie with a western cowboy twist to it
I think you'll like it
It also has the scariest bad guys ever
CANNIBALS FROM SPACE!!!
Yep, homocidal maniacs with a desire to eat your flesh and wear your skin
You never actually see them do it
That just how the characters describe them
Oh, do you have any more pics of yourself?
Okay
Those are pretty good, but why do you dislike that one pic
mdlin?
modeling?
How was that?
Did you like it?
What do you model for?
Well they normally have a purpose. Like for modelling clothes
How tall are you?
6 3
Oh, can I get your address so I can get to your house?
Okay
Thursday then?
I will bring the movies and you can make the popcorn
okay
So have you given any though to what you want to do when you grow up?
You like animals right?
I was thinking of being a vet but the idea of having to put down someone's pet was....
Well, not good
So I decided to become a zoo keeper
Feed the elephants and gorillas, huh?
Maybe the tigers to
I bet they will like your voice as much as I do
Maybe you could become a singer?
I know you are from Texas, but do you like country?
You could be the next Shania Twain
Yeah, I can see it now, you on a stage before thousands of people, singing your heart out
I figured you would
What else should be there?
What kind of band? What would you be wearing? ...What would you being singing about?
Band: couple guitarists, drummer, sound guy. Clothes: ??? What do you like to wear? What you would be singing: What are you passionate about
No, I haven't. What is it?
Have you tried singing along with the song?
I need to hear that
Do you think you could call me again sometime?
Okay
Call me around 11 in the morning, so I can get the address and fin the directions
Okay, when would be a good time?
Okay we will talk tuesday
preferable in the evening. K?
Okay, pretty girl, I need to go to bed soon. So I must bid thee ado.
Be creative. Do whatever you want and go as far as you want.
If you want too...but thats your decision
Now you have my heart pumping and my blood racing
I will be sure to be on my best behavior
Good-night beautiful. I will chat with you again tomorrow. Till then sweet dreams.
Hugs back
Oh, Katie
I just remembered, please don't tell anyone that we might have sex or if we do have sex. We would both be in a lot of trouble.
But I want to tell you that I think it would be worth the risk.
Thank you so very much.
Your an absolute sweetheart
Thanks, I will talk to you later. Have a good night. hugs
Hey Katie! I am going to see my brother at 9 o'clock tonight and probably won't be back till around 11
I hope to talk to you before then, but if you are still up later I will talk to you then.
Katie you around??
Will you be on in the morning? I would like to talk to you before evening tomorrow.
Hello Katie! Where are you? You weren't on at all yesterday, I hope you are this evening. I won't be here between five and eight thirty. I hope to talk to you this evening!
KATIE!! 
Where were you last night?
I was a little worried
Well thats good
So besides going to work with your dad what do you do all day?
I meant what do you normall do when your not with your dad
Do you read?
What do you like?
?
Well everyone says that, anything else?
I normally read about everything, even cookbooks when I am bored
Okay, but what should I bring?
Do you like dragons?
Okay, I think I can manage it then
?
Oh crap
I need to go home Friday afternoon and I wouldn't have any good excuse to give my parents about going anywhere on the weekend
What time in the morning on Friday does he leave?
I don't know if I will be able to come over
Because I have to go home on Friday afternoon. Its our spring break.
Maybe, but I couldn't stay very long
Not on Thursday night, I have to be home or my parents will be suspicious
I would have to come up with a good excuse
I will think about it and see what I can do
Does your dad go on trip like this often?
Alright, well I will think about it and see what I can do
Be happy, be hopeful
Could I ask a question?
?
How far have you ever taken making out?
?
yes
A little. But you went the whole way?
Not quite
Have you done oral?
Yes, do you like it being done to you?
Really??
Well, from what woman have said its most enjoyable
Maybe I could show you sometime?
How old were you when you first had sex?
Did you like it?
Well, I think I might be able to come over Friday afternoon, and if I am lucky I could even stay the night
Would you like that?
I know it would
So what would we do besides watch movies and talk?
Could you sing for me?
That would be really cool
Hey lovely girl, I need to go. But I will be on around 9 if you want to talk somemore. k?
?
Okay, talk to you later! *hugs*
U R SO SWEET!!!!!
Bye
HELLO KATIE!!!!
You here?
I have good news, I can come over Friday and stay the night too!!!
YES!!
I wish I could see your face right now
I can tell
Glad I can make you so happy
Well, if your dad leaves at 10 I will probably leave at the same time
I will probably get there around 11 or so
Leave at noon? Okay
Oh, okay
You are such a sly girl
Am not!!
R NOT
You are twice as sly as me and ten times prettier
I will probably have to in the early afternoon on Saturday. Is that alright with you?
Leave I mean
So we will get to spend an entire day together!
K
?
Thats okay
So are you excited?
I love that you are so happy
So why are you so excited? Are you that bored all the time?
With no friends or anything?
Awwwwwwww!!!!
You are such a sweet girl!!!
And thank you for liking me!!
If you were here right now I would give a great big hug!
Oh, when will you send me the address? I still need to figure out how to get there
Great
Yeah, you want the number?
Okay, but must only use it for an emergencey. I share my cell plan with my family and mom watches who I call and who calls me.
(765)329-0653
But if you want to call to talk, use (765)998-5702
Deal, but only if I get lost
In otherwords, if Iam not there by noon
Oh, the other number is the phone in my room on campus, so don't bother calling after the end of the semester
k
Haven't we talked about this already?
Well, first lunch. Then you can show me around the house, then we can watch a movie. Then we can talk and decided on something else to do.
?
Maybe we could do a photoshoot of you wearing your dad's gf's clothes?
You are crazy
That's why! you are too cute!
Well, we can have dinner, watch another movie and....
Well decided that later
We could make out, my hand gently brushing your face as I gently kiss your beautiful lips.
I would then pull back and see if you wanted more
If you still wanted to kiss I would continue, drowning in the softness of your lips
Have you ever used tongue?
Last girl I kissed didn't like it
Do you like it?
Then I would do it to you, out tongue's wrestling with each other
I would lie down and pull you ontop of me, holding you against me as we kissed
I would kiss your lips, cheek, ears, tip of you nose, your neck
Where would you kiss me?
The same places would be nice, be the rule of thumb here is that everything is fairgame
Would you like me to further?
go further I mean
How far do you want me to go?
I want to make love with a beautiful woman...you
Nope
I am all yours, Katie
Yes
Now do you want me to tell you or would you rather that I show you when I get there?
First tell me if you masturbate
Well, after I remove your shirt and bra I will run my hands along your bodies smooth skin
I will gently cup and massage your soft breasts, kiss them and run my tongue along them
I will gently flick the nipples with my tongue, and massage them till you moan
My hands will travel down your smooth body, till we reach your pants. Here we will remove your pants and underwear, revealing your beautiful nude body
Here I will make you sit and spread your legs apart. Then I will kneel between your legs and bring my face close to your clit.
My hot breath washes over your skin, causing goose bumps. I gently kiss between your legs and give it a long, slow lick that shoots fire up your body
Your clit leaks juice between your legs and I begin to slowly, but constantly, lick it, kiss it, even nibble gently. The nibbles cause you to jerk and moan
Then I take my finger and slowly insert it into your clit. You moan and jerk a little, but you are so tight, hot and wet on the inside! I gently and slowly remove my finger and then ram it back in. Slowly, my rhythem increases, and you moan and jerk as waves of pleasure pulsate through your body
Finally you come, your first orgasm of the evening. You are tired and a little spent, but I spread your legs again and prepare to thrust my eager cock between your legs
As I begin to enter you, the heat and tightness of your clit seeks to overwhelm me. It is pure heaven once I am completely inside you
You moan again now that I am inside you. Like I did with the finger, I begin to pump slowly in and out, my tempo steadily increasing. You moans have become one long drawn out sound, insterspurrsed with the need to breath
Having already come you begin to reach your climax more quickly. I have become lost in the pleasures of your clit, myself nearing orgasm. Finally we come, together, crying out in unison.
We then collapse into each others, holding our sweating bodies close. We will then regain our strength, taking pleasure in the closeness of the other
Then you can show me how experienced you are in oral sex
So are you excited?
Are you wet between your legs right now?
I have an idea but its a little weird
I did it with another girl but I don't know if you want too. Call me up and let me listen to you as you finger yourself to orgasm
I am more than a little excited myself
When does he go to bed?
Well, if he goes to bed before 11:30 let me know and we could do it
k?
That okay, go have fun k?
*hugs and kisses*
Hey Katie, just wanted to see if you were around
I guess you couldn't call tonight. Oh well, maybe we can do it tomorrow. Talk to you later pretty girl!
Katie, are you alright? Where are you?
Katie!!!!
How are you today?
I missed you!
I am done with studying and just have to go to a few classes tomorrow
Plant and ecology lab
They are both two hours long
There is a two hour gap in between so its no problem
Oh, I may have leave earlier than I wanted on Saturday morning
I was hoping to meet a friend that afternoon but he won't be there till the evening
So I will have to go home
Can't get around explaining that to Mom
So what have you been doing all day?
Had fun?
How was that?
Do you look good now?
?
?
Yes
You just have to be on tomorrow to give me your address so I can come
I am really excited too
I want to see you smile
You are such a sweetheart
k
?
I was wondering, since I described what I would do to you when I came over, maybe you could describe what you would do to me?
Okay, but I am expecting to be thrilled
I can't wait to see you
I am glad to hear it
Wonderful, soft-voiced gitl
girl*
December 16th, 1982
Blue
peanut butter
with choclate
A white plymouth Neon with some blue stripes on the side
No, more like paint splashes
Flame would be nice though
Yep
I can tell. I would hate to let you down.
I would feel terrible forever
Yes
Like I said I would hate to dissapoint
k
Yeah, maybe you should go to bed?
Yeah
Me too
I somehow feel that you have had it rough in the relationship dept.
Yes,
I mean, you met me right?
I was trying to be funny
Sorry
I like you, I don't want to confuse you
Though I bet you would look cute even if you were confused
Then you need to go to bed...and so do I
But I just don't want you too
I will talk to you tomorrow, okay beautiful?
hugs and kisses
sweet dreams to you too
Bye
Good night, Katiedid
Hello Katie!!
Its Thursday!!
Yeah!!!
Can I get your address now?
About 50 to 45 minutes. Hartford City, in Indiana
Yes
Okay, but why not now?
Okay
You are such a sweetheart
?
You here?
So, who else on here do you talk too?
Thats sweet. Just watch out for those older men, with their little perverted minds.
Yeah, so you just be careful
I wouldn't want anything to happen to you
?
Hey, I have stuff I have to take care before tomorrow so I need to go, k?
This evening for sure! maybe around 8:30.
I wouldn't want to miss your address, else how will I get there?
I can't wait to see you!
Your evil, you know that?
I do 
I will talk to you later you cute, sexy babe
Hello Katie!
Ready to give me the address so I can come over tomorrow?
Great
*Address*?
whats the zip?
Great, now I can figure out how to get to your house!
Oh, since I will be staying for a while what will we eat?
Whatever you like
Well I don't know what you can cook
Alright I would like spagehtti for lunch and pizza for dinner
I am bringing the book you asked me to bring
Nice of you to say so
Oh, I never said what I wanted for dessert...
A Katiedid with whipped cream, chocolate sauce and a cherry on top
Think you can make that?
I knew you were capable
She cooks, sings, looks beautiful...you have got it all!!
I am looking at the maps provided and it looks like it will be pretty easy to get to your house
Wow, you really are out in the country! Are there any houses around at all?
Well, I don't want them to get suspicious if they see an older guy like me come to see you
But your house should be easy to spot, not every home has a seven car garage
Okay, is your multi-story?
*house
?
Really?!?
I have never been in a 3-story house before! How many bedrooms and bathrooms?
WOW!! I can't wait to see it! Your Dad must really rich.
What does he do?
Wow, maybe I should try to do that for a living
Of course, when his daughter becomes a famous singer she can get an even bigger house...with a pool!
Oh, can ask a couple a sex related questions?
How many times did you have sex? And do you like a certain position?
And position-wise?
Because I wanted to if you like 69 or being on top or if you prefered face-to-face
Know what it is?
Want to try it?
Sounds good to me
Well, I will need to go to bed soon, so I will be well rested for tomorrow
So I must bid thee ado
Me too 
Have a good evening sweetheart
*hugs and a long french kiss goodknight*
?
Okay. Did you read the last thing I wrote to you? I would have thought it would have gotten a response
Great way to say hello
Good night baby. Sleep tight
