hi julie
wanna chat? 24/m/ky here
im doing fine...how are you?
oh...so what do you like to do for fun
ohhh i see...are you dating yet?
older guys?
whats the oldest guy youve dated?
ahh i see..so what did you do while you were hanging out with him
stuff?
fooling around?
wow..so you like doing that stuff
so what have you done
oh so you havent done anything sexual yet
oh ok...just wondering...cause i figured you would have tried it
oh i see...well im sure you would get used to it
yep...i think you would...i think after the first time you would love it
what? sex?
well how old is she?
ahh i see...well i think youd like it
i think if youre with the right guy you would love it
it doesnt have to be a bf...it has to be someone thats going to teach you some things
just things you can do
it would be easy to learn...i know it would be a blast to teach you
yeah i would
yeah it would be fun
well of course
well why not...i guess thats up to you whether you would want to
so you would want to learn?
sorry i had to leave the room...well if you wanted to i would teach you anything you wanted to know
why shouldnt you have said that?
hey are you still there?
well its good to hear from you julie...i hope i get to talk to you again soon
hey
hey are yout here
oh ok...i figured you might want to talk a little
did you ever see my cock?
cause if you didnt id show it to you
yep
the question is do you want to?
have you ever seen one before
yeah i am...is that okay?
do you like it?
if i was there would you touch it
youre not scared of it are you?
i dunno
i think if i was there youd want to touch it bad
i think youre very curious
oh i would let you touch it
yeah why not? youre hot
yeah i do
would you want me to do anything to you
only if you wanted me to
what would you want me to do?
well what ever you wanted me to do i would 
i think you know enough that you would know what you wanted
yeah sure
hey do you have other pics?
cool
so would you let me play with your tits
how big are they?
have you ever had them sucked on?
i would definitely suck on them
have you ever been fingered?
why not?
would you want to get fingered?
i dont think so
i think my dick would hurt if i slid it in your pussy
but if you wanted to try it i would
id gladly show you
yeah..even though you would make me feel really good
oh yeah..my big fat cock and your tiny pussy...it would be great
but i would take it out...i probably wouldnt get it in that far anyways
cause you would be pretty tight
i know my fingers are bigger than yours and i doubt you could even get two of your own fingers in your pussy
just imagine if fingers cant fit neither would a dick
but if i ever got it in it would feel so good
im surprised you and your friends dont talk about it
i bet your friends love it
id fuck your friends too
maybe not anymore if they saw my cock
how big?
how old is he?
well i would let you and any of your friends play with it
well that doesnt mean they wouldnt want to see it
you would have some pretty wild stories to tell them
yeah cause i would fuck you good
i would make you feel good
it might hurt a little at first, but i could get you used to it
i think it would hurt a little at first but once you got used to it i think you would love it
i wish i was there right now
yeah...im hard right now
if i was there you would probalby have atleast one of your hands around it
id probably be licking your pussy
you would absolutely love that
how long did he do it
ive done it over an hour before
where are you from in kentucky
what city?
oh...i was going to say we could meet
well i am 24
well there is a picture in my profile
http://profiles.yahoo.com/steven_duncil78
thank you
so do you think youd have fun with me
do you wish i was there
you should try fingering yourself
cause it would feel good
what are you wearing right now
what do your jammys look like
are you wearing any undies?
you should take them off
why not?
oh ok then
you would love it if you tried it
i could talk you through it
you would probably be cumming in 15 minutes
sure...but i didnt think you wanted to meet
oh ok
goodnight
hey sorry i wasnt around
its alright...i probably wont be able to stay on here long
well im glad you messaged me...it was definitely good to hear from you
oh i wont forget you...how could i?
sleep well tonight...i will talk to you later
hey
i guess youve already gone to bed
im sorry...id like to talk to you more
hey...hows it going?
i have just been busy..i havent been on here much
well i really havent been on much at all
a little
no im single
nope sorry...have you talked to any of your friends about me?
oh i didnt know if you would talk to them about sex and stuff like that
i bet lars is a fun fuck too
no i like you...but id fuck you and your friends
well thats true
so do you want to meet sometime?
sure but if we meet im going to show you my dick
yeah but you havent touched it
hell yeah
anything you will let me
well everything
fuck
yes i know
yes
yes im sure
it would be fun
why not?...are you going to tell anybody?
well  you are going to be addicted to it
nah but i love it
cause you would love it
yes why?
how about we wait on that
oh im not really 60...maybe we can sometime this week
yep...well im going to get off here...i will talk to you a little bit later
yeah im going to try to
oki
hey sexy
how are you doing baby
im doing fine...glad that im talking to you
no where...i just barely got back on here
so have you been thinking about me any?
what kind of things have gone through your mind
oh like sex and stuff?
yeah dont you?
i dont know if youre ready for sex yet or not...but i hope so
well id definitely try to stuff my cock in you
id be as gentle as possible
are you leaving without saying goodbye
do you wear thongs?
its okay...so do you wear thongs?
do you like them
i bet you look great in a pair of thongs...i bet you have a hot ass
so have you tried to play with your pussy yet
why not
you should
you slide a finger in your pussy and move it in and out
try it a little
oh so youre not in your room to try it
what room are you in?
oh so youre afraid she will walk in or something
oh ok...i was going to say that i could even give you my number and you could call me and i would coach you through it
you there?
Julie?
hello? where did you go?
are you there?
yeah i guess i got booted
i wasnt getting messaged
but now im getting them
i could give you my phone number and coach you through it
what time would that be?
its possible...but i wont be able to play with myself while im teaching you
6064659187
sure
youre welcome
wish i could go to bed with you
oh ok
goodnight
hey sexy
are you there?
are you there?
is something wrong? you usually atleast say hi to me
ok i just didnt know what was going on
hey
hows it going?
what do you mean?
well i was probably working...either that or it didnt go through
oh..did you leave a message?
oh ok
well im sorry...if you want to call now you can
thats fine
talk to you in a minute
it didnt work...i didnt get a call
oh that sucks
oh ok then
so what would you like to talk about?
ok
i dont know if you tried to or not...but for some reason my phone didnt ring when 3 people called me
hey
hmm im guessing you might be mad or something
sure
ok
hey
how are things going?
well thats good
not much..tried to sleep..but it didnt work
why not?
oh thats awesome
yeah you could have a wild party
ahh i see....so when do you plan on having this party
oh i see...well im busy on saturday..thats a shame...i could crash the party and show you my cock
you know you want to see it
in morehead...rowan county
whats the ville?
ahh i see...i could make the trip to crash a party..if i wasnt busy
well there is something else ive got to do this weekend...i wish i could...seriously i do
ive got to take a buddy of mine up to where he lives .... he has to help his dad with something and im helping too
saturday and sunday
i know but i work on friday
yeah...im sorry...but we will meet soon
:P besides if i show up at your party all of your girls are going to know whats going on
hahaha
well thats a good point...haha...when we do meet we are going to have to spend some time together...i dont think my dick is going to just slide in your pussy real easy
yeah i know
as a matter of fact if you dont want it to hurt i might not even be able to put my cock in you
well we can definitely try
really?
so you are really into trying it out
i think once you get used to it you will want it alot
well it is awesome
yep the thing is im afraid i might be too big at first and it might hurt you
definitely...
thats true...id definitely lick your pussy
youd like that
you should try fingering yourself sometime
well okay..but i figured you could do it before that and get a sample of how good it feels
all you have to do is put a finger in your pussy and move it in and out...and rub your clit
no
but i would only try one finger until youre sure it wont hurt so bad
oh ok baby....i will talk to you soon
goodnight
what are you wearing right now
are you wearing a bra and panties?
are they thongs? what color are they?
take them off for me
well i was going to teach you how to finger your pussy
well moms not going to know...and besides if you cant handle one of your tiny fingers then how are you going to be able to handle a big fat dick
i didnt realize it was this late...i need to go to bed...we will talk about this another time
goodnight
ok so did you try it?
oooh how did it feel
i told you
so how many fingers did you use
would two have been too much?
then a fat dick probably would have been too much too
so did you go fast?
slow?
well tell me how you did it
your clit?
so you used two hands?
damn youre already a pro....so did your pussy get really wet or anything?
did you moan or anything like that?
if you would have gone fast would you have moaned?
are you glad you did it?
would you let me finger you?
hell yes i do
i want to lick your clit too
so how badly do you want to fuck now
good...wanna call me?
are you home alone?
how old is he?
he wont know what youre doing
i wish i was there...id be showing you my cock right now....i think its hot that you fingered your pussy
its got me really turned on to tell you the truth
did you tell any of your friends what you did?...or have you talked to them about it before?
when can you call me?
how longs a little?
my dick is hard
if i was there you wouldnt have any panties on and id be trying to push it in
ok well im logging off...just call me when you have the time...i dont know how long its going to be but i have some friends coming over...so if i dont answer just leave me a voice mail with your number....well if you have a cell phone leave me your number...if i called your house im sure your mom wouldnt like it
call me soon
are you calling now?
im going to go offline for now...i will be waiting for your call and i will answer unless my friends have showed up
then i can get on here and talk to you and maybe call you back
IM SORRY...i think you called...you called as soon as my friends came...but theyre gone now so if you want to try again you can
they were only here for like 20-30 minutes
are you going to call?
ok
you sound older
sorry i had left to go get food
hey sexy
hows it going
whats been wrong with it?
well that sucks
oh ok..so did you do anything last night before you went to sleep?
what did you do
how often do you usually play with that hot little pussy of yours
oh trust me...id love to put my dick in you
why wouldnt i want to?
do you still want it in you?
if i was there id be trying
in kentucky
i know...we have talked about this before
starting when?
what do you think would be a fun thing to do
if i was there what would you want to do
whats your address?
well i want to see how far you are away first...
can i have your address so i can look at directions?
well if you cant give me the address then i definitely wont be coming for awhile...why are you so worried that i would tell your mom? dont you think i could call your house and tell her if that was my intentions?
why would i tell her and get you in trouble when i want to have sex with you
i promise...telling her definitely wouldnt help me meet you and show you my cock
we will have to see how long of a trip it is
well i kinda need the address...im not going to louisville and driving around searching for your house
i figured you would be...considering youve only had one of your tiny little fingers in your pussy
fingering your pussy makes you horny doesnt it
its going to be hard to show you my dick when your mom is home
well i doubt i will even get half my dick in you
