hi... older single white guy here in Atlanta looking for a younger but mature girl for chat.. are you interested?
Mike...45...single...white..
atlanta
you?
cool
near bmgham?
ok cool
do you like older men?
very nice to meet you
you seem nice...do you consider yourself mature for yourage?
wow perfect...
do you have ya hoo?
i'm getting bombarded too
georgiamike1968
add me?
you there?
mike here in atlanta
hi Erica
wow that room is nuts
so hard to chat there
thank you so much for adding me and connecting here...
you seem really nice...
and you really like older men?
yeah I know...I was one once....
lol
what is the oldest you've been with?
oh...ok....so really haven't experienced an older man?
ok...
but you are curious and interested in that? just trying to understand what your interest level is?
I'm just trying to understand what you would like
whether you are interested in just chat? online relationship? or meeting in person?
no...up to us
trade pics?
there's a couple of me
that is suki
she is my only g/f right now...lol
yeah she is...
and so are you...wow
any others?
omg yes
I so love dark hair girls
you like me?
ahh be real
you really think so Erica?
you are so sweet...and that is not bad...
I'm glad you like
so you are interested in taking the time to get to know me?
I would love that
I want something ongoing...
I'm not a one and done type....
I'm so tired of women my age
boring...no energy...all have an agenda that I don't like
so are you like a Freshman Erica?
ok...so do your parents know you chat with older men?
ok...do you have many that you chat or talk with? older I mean?
I mean older men?
oh ok...so I would be the only older guy?
cool
ok
ok good
I'm enjoying chatting
good....get some for me?
yes i do
so how old were you when you became sexually active Erica?
ok cool
are you seeing anyone now sexually?
ahh crap
so he took your virginity and then broke up?
jerk
I have other names for him but I won't go there
so you would consider an ongoing relationship with me?
I'm not looking for one time anything...
oh ok...so an older more experienced guy is of interest?
one who knows how to make a girl feel like she is special and the only girl on the planet?
cool...you are exactly what I'm looking for...I've never been with a girl your age...
you don't think badly of me do you?
good...I really like you
and the more we talk the more I like
so you were 13 when you had sex the first time?
ok...was it paiful for you hun?
yeah...glad you got that ofver with
oh ok...
if we meet...you will be amazed at how you get treated by me...
well I so enjoy making a girl feel special
and I know how to make you enjoy your sexual experience
and I would love to share that....with you
if you are interested at some point
yeah...I know how to kiss and make you feel the butterflies...
if you know what I mean...???
nice feelings aren't they?
for real...
do you masterbate often Erica?
ok
have you had an orgasm? or did you have one the time you had sex?
ok...I can help with that
oh yes...maybe you will have your first with me...
if you will let yourself go with me it will be the most amazing feeling
the best orgasm for a woman is from oral sex...
omg it's my favorite...does it not appeal to you?
would you be willing to try it?
really?
so you are interested?
yes hunny
for real
so you are interested?
hold on...
phone call
I like you
yes I do
you like me?
so I should have asked...are you comfortable talking about sexuality with an older guy like me?
I didn't mean to offend you
you mean having me orally pleasure you?
oh believe me...it is probably what I love doing more than anything else
because it is sooooo pleasurable for the girl...and I get m pleasure from seeing my partner experience pleasure...
so that is why
oh I would be shocked if you didn't love it...
do your friends say they enjoy it?
ok most guys your age just want a b/f....they are self-centered and only care about their own pleasure
yes...that is probably what you will find so different about me if we get together...
I get my pleasure by giving it...if I can help you have an orgasm....I so love that and it makes me feel so wonderful
yes I do...but it is a decision that we both need to make, not just me and not just you
but if you want to...we can talk more about that
do you think you are seriuosly interested at this point?
ok at this point I think I am getting more and more interested...
it's all about trust...once we trust each other....then it will be fine
and there are so many other sexual expereicnes that I can share too...that I think you will enjoy
when you had sex that one time with your b/f...where did you do it?
will you tell her about me?
just kidding
its up to you but probably not a good idea
can we talk again?
can we talk again?
are you gone?
hi Erica...sorry I missed you yesterday...can you let me know a time tonight that we can connect and continue our chat?
I really enjoyed chatting and look forward to our next one...
Hi Erica
I'm at a dinner meeting but will be home later if you can chat then? Are you on central time???
Good morning!
Yes
I work
Lol no it's good to have a job!
Ru at school?
U there
So you got messenger on your mobile?
Can you chat later tonight?
Time?
I won't be home til 9:00
Does that work?
Oh ok
8:00 your time is 9:00 mine
Excited to talk again
Sorry didn't mean to buzz you
Hi
Not home yet but can chat for a few on mobile
How was your day?
Long and still going
You doing homework?
Nice
Thought about me at all?
Nice thoughts?
You are on my mind a lot
Really like you
Oh yes
Really
Want to get to know you
Promise me one thing?
If we meet in person I don't want it to be just a one time thing
You ok with that, or do you want just a one time thing?
You there?
Yes of course we can meet for real...do you want to?
Cool it would be exciting
But only when you are comfortable
I mean you have to be sure
Yes
You \"think\" you do?
Yes for sure
And it would be good to talk also
Would that be ok?
Yeah is that ok?
Does your mom monitor your calls?
Ok totally understand
What time is your mom home tomorrow?
I can talk around 8:00 your time
Ok perfect
Would love to talk tomorrow
Excited to hear your voice
Awesome
You have my number?
Did I share it?
*phone number edited*
Yours?
Thanks..Btw I will never call you unless I text you first ok?
That way you can tell me if it's safe to call
Plan?
Perfect
You are so mature for your age
I love that
Can it not be one and done when we meet?
What would you like?
Your in Dothan?
I can't remember where you told me
Ok 3 1/2 hours
Not at all
Is there a hotel near you where I should stay?
Sure will we be able to plan my visits so you can get away when your mom is working?
Will your friend cover for you?
Ok will you tell her about me?
And our plans?
How will she cover then?
Oh ok...cool
Your mom work weekends any?
What hours does she work on weekends?
Ok cool so Fri and Sat nights 6p - 6a?
Ok cool I can come down when it's easiest for you
Can pick you up and drop you back off no problem
Ok sure no problem
I'm so excited
I feel so totally comfortable with you
Can't wait to hold you in my arms
I luv to cuddle
And kiss
I want to make you feel so special
We can hug and hold each other all night and make each other feel so amazing and special
Me neither
We can enjoy each other over and over
I want you to feel so special
And experience so much pleasure
Of course is that ok?
Hold on home now switching to my computer
hello from my computer...lol
are you there?
yay I'm home
long dang day
ok now I'm situated so I can chat easier
so you are really excited?
me too hun
I can't remember all that we chatted about...but I do remember a few things
you have only had sex one time right...intercourse I mean?
ok...but you are not taking the pill right?
ok...your age again?
ok...can I ask what age your periods started?
ok so about a year ago...
are they fairly regular?
I work around doctors all the time...not a doctor but know a lot
ok are you interested in going on the pill?
I may be able to help get you on it w/o your mom knowing if that is an issue
that is totally up to you...whatever you want but will never force anything
I mean...we can just enjoy each other in other ways and not havfe intercourse if you would prefer...
but if you decided you wanted me for intercourse I would want to make sure you did not get pregnant
and there are so many ways to enjoy each other w/o intercourse itself
omg I like you a lot...but I also respect you a lot...and even if I wanted to have sex with you it would only be if we BOTH decided that
do you have any feelings about it? having sex or not?
what you think you may want to do?
omg don't worry about that hunny....
we can go very slow and take our time...and I can teach you
main thing is that you just let yourself go and enjoy yourself
whatever we do
yes if you are not on the pill and it's the wrong time of the month I will...
but I also want you to be able to feel me w/o one too
I can't remember if you told me...but are you able to have orgasms?
have you tried to have one?
masterbating?
ok...well I will help you have one...
and another and another and another
well provbably the first 4 or 5 will be with me doing oral sex for you
is that ok?
omg Erica....I LOVE doing that
you will see how much I love doing that that way?
would you like me to bring you to orgasm that way?
I think you will be amazed
how wonderful it feels
and once I've been with you a few times and get to know your body...I will be able to control it for you
do you follow what said?
yeah..meaning I will be able to bring you very very close to an orgasm..and then stop you and take you down....then bring you back on the edge...then take you down...then when you do have an orgasm...it is just so explosive and pleasurable
being with an older guy has it's benefits...can you tell?
cool
ok hunny....
thank you so much for chatting with me...
will you text me before you go to sleep?
nice....so sweet....
you are so cool...I'm so glad we met and I can't wait to hear your voice tomorrow night
and really can't wait to meet you and hold you close to me all night long...
oh...and one more thing....
I sleep naked...:\">
is that ok?
cool and you will too?
yes...I will spoon you all the time we are sleeping and you can feel me up against your body
so maybe we wont sleep much...lol
do you know what the word \"insatiable\" means?
insatiable means that you can never get enough of something...I think that might be how I am for you...
hope that is ok
you are awesome...
goodnight erica...dream about me?
sweet dreams then....text me before you fall asleep...???
:-*
good night
*phone number edited*: Good night and sweet dreams :) 
Hi
hi
good...
and thank you for calling me...
me too hun....your have the sweetest voice...
so you still like me??
aww...so glad you like me
so you really like older men?
yes...I know...and you are so very mature for your age....I find that so appealing
so I did mapquest to hartford form my house...
I live north of atlanta...and you live on the other side of dothan
so guess how far you are from me?
4 1/2 hours...:-O
I need a plane...lol
lol...I'll have to come for a week when I do make it...lol
do you have voice on your computer? mic/speaker/cam?
those moms...
my mom wont' let me either...but I have them anyway...lol
so most computers have the cam/mic built in...mine does..
do you have a lap top?
ahh ok...
did I send you a pic of me?
ok cool did you save?
ok...I didn't save yours either...I forgot to ask you if I could and I wouldn't unless you said it was ok...
trade again?
ok hun...
ok hun...
you are beautiful
got any more?
very nice
so glad we met
are you getting comfortable with me?
cool and me too with you
that is my home in wisconsin
on lake geneva
it's my summer get away place
yes I have an apartment here in Atlanta...
yeah...
you want to come to atlanta this summer?
I have a nice place...pool tennis hiking biking trails
we can come up with a plan to get you here
are you a freshman?
ok...cool...don't you think you need to come to a camp in atlanta for a week this summer?
I've been thinking how we could get you here
what type of \"camp\" would be something not unusual for you?
cheerleading?
softball?
academic?
lol
what if you got an invitation to attend a camp here in Atlanta for a week? all expense paid....you've been selected type thing?
do you follow what I'm thinking?
ok awesome
so we need to figure something out that would be so awesome to have you hang out here with me
then I could cook for you...I love to cook
I think cooking dinner for a girl is the most romantic thing...:\">
I've got this like really romantic streak in me
I hope that is ok
cool...like a bubble bath?
and candles?
my tub is big enough for 2...
how tall are you again?
wow perfect
5/10....
I'm gonna let you go to bed...but tell me...what time are you home from school tomorrow?
I will have like 3 or 4 hours free tomorrow late afternoon....so maybe we can chat? I'll take my personal computer....ok?
I'll be on eastern time...
so an hour ahead of you
well...let's just say 3:30 your time...4:30 mine?
awesome...I'll text you and let you know I'm getting online
does texting go agaist your minutes?
ok and I will buy you a good block of minutes for talking
if that is ok with you
oh shoot
ok how about a secret phone...with unlimited minutes???
hehe...
ok..well..I'm so excited to get to know more about you....
I hope you are still interested...
me too...thank you again...I can't wait until the next time I hear your voice
same here....something to look forward to
and you are right btw
there are no hotels or motels in Hartford......
but it is probably best if we venture off to dothan anyway where no one knows you
looks like a really small town
did you grow up there?
you have like NO southern accent...
where did you move from?
ahh ok...what does your mom do? workwise? if you can share that?
ok very cool...at a hospital or nursing home?
ok...locally or in another town?
ok
that's cool
and so are you
I so enjoy chatting...I hate to let you go...but i will
ahh...wish I could give you a goodnight kiss...
here's one...:-*
but a real one will be more fun...
goodnight...sweet dreams....tty tomorrow
Yes 
*phone number edited*: Driving home from a meeting. 
How are you? 
Busy but good. I'll be home in 15 mins so feel free to call anytime after that. 
*phone number edited*: I'm home and can talk whenever you want to call me :) 
*phone number edited*: Love your voice. Let me know when you're on messenger :-) 
*phone number edited*: Good morning from South Carolina. :) 
Wish you were here. It's beautiful today. 
Sweet. You going to the beach? 
*phone number edited*: I'm on the hotel on messenger :) 
At the hotel not on it lol! 
Hi babe. I'm getting ready to go to my dinnee meeting. You have much homework? 
I probably have a late night. I work too much! Know I'm thinking about you! 
So glad we met. You are awesome! 
I love our growing friendship... 
welcome home
really why?
good
how was the test?
I left atlanta at 6:00am and just finished up a meeting...
have a dinner later....
sweet
is it algebra?
cool
aww....
I liked it...just wasn't very good at it...
ok
good
it is such a beautiful day here in South Carolina
wish you were here
I have this like gigantic room with a huge bed...
and it's just little ole me
i might get lost in this bed it's so big...lol
so are you just going to chill out next week when you're off?
k wish you could get to atlanta
I like you
so mature for your age...that just gets me
maybe
how did you end up there in alabama...small town?
especially after being in chicago?
ahh ok
ok gottcha
sorry to hear that
do you get to see your dad much?
sorry to hear that too
well that's good but not good enough
you are very attractive btw...the most kissable lips
would your mom flip out if she knew you were talking to an older guy like me?
lol
good plan
it sounds like she is pretty cool though
has she not talked with you about birth control or stuff like that?
yeah
and you weren't protected when you had sex that one time...condom?
oh ok...good
do you know the difference between a guy who is \"cut\" and one who is \"uncut?\"
ok...
do you know what circumcision is?
ok so you know that they ususally cut the skin off the penis of baby boys just after they are born?
well...I'm the other way
I'm uncut...uncircumcised...
I wanted to tell you that...I hope it's not a show stopper...
well you might care...lol
you may like it better...
most girls do after they experience it...
did you know that the united states is the only civilized country that still does that routinely to baby boys?
I got lucky and I thank my parents every day for not having me cut
excellent question...
see there is your maturity again...
there is NO medical reason to do it...
but still today in the united states about 70% of baby boys are circumcised
so why do a surgery that isn't needed
and it's done without anesthesia
they just strap the baby down and start cutting
most of the time the baby goes into shock
from the intensity of the pain
and the nurse has to slap them to get them to start breathing
it's barbaric
I'm not kidding
I work in healthcare and I've seen several...
it's unbelievable
that we allow that to be done
so you ask why do we do an unecessary surgery that tortures baby boys?
the simple answer is....
$$$$$$$$$$$
so sad
the doctors make a lot of money doing it...so they don't educate the parents about it
and the parents just assume that it's just a little \"snip\" and no big deal
and most of the time the dad is cut...so they don't question it
are you there?
or have I freaked you out?
I have developed a website to help educate new parents about the procedure
and encourage them to consider NOT having their baby boy cut

if you are interested
anyway
I'm glad you are ok with it
see...the skin is there for a purpose
and the skin is also better for the woman...most think it is much more stimulating
see...during intercourse...the skin moves back and forth over the head of the penis during penetration and thrusting...and that movement is VERY arousing and stimulating for a woman....
did you say you had performed oral sex a few times ?
yeah...cool
but you could probably see that there was no skin
it had been cut off
you might enjoy something different...:\">
really?
do you enjoy doing that or a guy?
for
oral
cool...
but your b/f would reciprocate for you?
wouldn't
did you ask him to?
how crazy...
I love doing it...
it could have been that he didn't know how
I mean...a lot of guys don't really know a girl's anatomy...
but I do...
would you want me to do that for you?
awesome
I think you will enjoy it a lot...and I think I will be able to help you orgasm like that
did you let your b/f ejaculate in your mouth Erica?
isn't that weird...so you do that for him and he thinks you're gross...go figure...
oh did it catch you by surprise?
lol
you are the coolest
I really like you hun
and you still like me?
and you haven't gotten tired of me?
cool
I want to be friends for a long time
I don't know if I told you...but I don't want to change your life at all...
I just want to enhance it
I mean I want you to enjoy your high school years...be a normal teenager...date....have fun...
I'd just like to be your special friend to enhance your life now and then...
does that make sense?
I don't want to stop you from being a normal teenager....
it would be great if you could be \"all mine\"
but would that be fair to you?
no I don't
I'm too busy to have a g/f lol
are you ok with what I said?
or would you prefer something different?
fair enough...
I just know that I really really like you and would love to meet you...
and I hope you feel the same
did you say you masterbate often?
I think I'm booked most of the week with travel
but is that an invitation?
do you know your mom's schedule?
so she always works nights?
ok...will you let me know when you get her schedule?
I might be able to get away later in the week
have you decided what the plan will be?
or thought anymore about the \"how?\"
ok
have you thought anymore about what all you would like to experience with me?
cool...whatever you would like...we don't need to do anything or we can do everything...up to you
I'd just love to meet you and get to know you
do you want to just meet the first time and not do anything sexually?
I just want to be respectful
I will always treat you with respect
and will you promise me something?
if I ever say anything or do anything that offends you in anyway...will you check me on it...??? Promise?
awesome
I likeyou
and I'm glad that me not being circumcised isn't a problem for you
ok no worry
bye hun
tty later
ok no worry
ok
Well thank you. Happy Friday! I hope you have a great day! 
*phone number edited*: Charleston SC :) 
Hi Hun! How is your day? Beautiful here in Charleston! 
Aww sorry to hear that. The place I'm staying is awesome! Did you get the pic? 
*phone number edited*: Oh damn. Sent you a couple of the view from my room :( 
I hope that was not a problem 4 u 
If you get free and want to talk for a bit let me know I have some time... 
K no worries 
Hey there how are you? 
K I'm at a dinner with some clients. Wish you were here. 
No it's fine thinking about you. 
I'm always excited to get your texts. 
Yes always! I'm busy but always excited to see your texts. 
Just being honest. 
So sweet of you to say. Just being me. I really like you. 
Worth something? My gosh. You are so cool. I'm enjoying getting to know you. 
I want you to feel comfortable with me! 
*phone number edited*: Did you get a schedule for next week? 
All nights? 
*phone number edited*: I'm confused :( 
When would you want me if I could get there? 
So she works Fri/sat nights? 
*phone number edited*: Ok I'll work on that. 
Could we talk in the morning for a few mins? 
I have a dinner tomorrow night. 
Just wanting to hear your voice I guess. 
She works tomorrow night? 
Is she working tonight? 
*phone number edited*: Ok no worries 
I like you 
I am sensing that... 
I think about you a lot. 
All good hunny. And you? 
Can I ask why you like me? 
That is so sweet. So you are comfortable with me being older? 
Awesome and same here. 
Will you be up for a bit? 
*phone number edited*: Ok will be back in the room in 15. Was going to get on the computer. 
*phone number edited*: Ok no worries. Get some rest and know you're on my mind. 
Yes you will. Sweet dreams. 
Hi 
Sorry just finished a business dinner... 
Sorry...wish I could offload some of my work to you! I'm swamped! I'm home later tonight. 
What is hmu? 
*phone number edited*: Lmao :) 
*phone number edited*: Do you have a few minutes to chat? 
Well phone would be great but I was thinking yahoo? 
Whatever works 4u 
Ru alone? 
*phone number edited*: Ok but your mom is there? I won't call if she is there. 
*phone number edited*: Ok. Can't wait :) 
hi Erica
hey so nice to see you
so you are babysitting grandma tonight???
funny
hope you are keeping her entertained...but it sounds like she's bored
if she is falling asleep
I've had a long few days...wow
all over the Carolina's...
wish you could have gotten my pic I texted you
well I haven't downloaded it yet...
it was just a pic of my room and the view from my room in Charleston
very nice
yes I'm here
are you still there?
LOL
no I'm back in Atlanta
btw...do you wear contacts or glasses?
well...you won't appreciate this then
but
this morning I mixed my right/left contact lenses up...
put the right in the left eye and the left in the right eye...
lordy lordy
it took me til noon to figure it out
so stupid
anyway...I'm good now...lol
yes for sure
Erica...question for you?
have you ever done any drinking yet?
ok just curious
I don't drink a lot...just some beer now and then and wine with meals...just curious about whether you had done any drinking yet....
I'm not encouraging it...lol
beer? wine? hard liquor?
did you like it?
lol
cool
well...I had my first beer in 7th grade....
it was lame
like drinking a coke
and then my friend...who lived on a farm...had a different idea
he had stolen a pack of chewing tobacco from his grandfather
so I thought...that is harmless...
so I put a big chunk in my mouth and started \"chewing\"
well...guess what
I puked my friggin guts out and then passed out...#:-S
never never again did I chew anything that contained tobacco...Nasty!
gross is for sure
so I stuck to beer and wine...and an ocassional margarita
occasional...sorry for the mispelled words
lol
good
did I ever tell you about my education?
lol...it's probably not worth telling
but I think I told you on the phone...school was not easy for me
I had to study a lot and work hard to get decent grades
and I grew up in rural Missouri and my parents had no money to send me to college
and they wanted me to stay on the farm
but I had other plans...
thank God
am I boring you...
LOL
ok
well...anyway...I worked my rear end off to get grades good enought to get a scholarship to the University of Missouri
and when I got to college...it's seemed like I got smarter...:-O
so I graduated with honors with a degree in chemistry of all things
yeah crazy
and I got a job at a hospital in St. Louis in the lab...doing blood work
I loved working in the hospital
and then decided I wanted to \"run\" a hospital one day
so I quit my job...and went into debt...and went back to graduate school
I got 2 masters degrees...
one in business...
and one in hospital administration
and as they say....the rest is history...lol
not anymore
I did for several years....
and then decided I wanted to own my own company
so I started my own consulting company...
which I own now...
it is fun working for myself....but....it is very hard to call in sick when you work for yourself...lol
so I am very busy with my company..but i do like it and it pays the bills nicely
I hope sharing that about myself didn't bore you
well thank you....
well I'm not really smart
but I am persistent
so where I felt short in brains...I made up for in motivation
anyway
I wanted you to know that
well...I'm happy where I'm at I think
does your mom have a b/f ?
lol...I was thinking the other day...your mom might be jealous if she knew we were talking...:\">
she might like me too...lol
well...I think you are so cool...
LOL
jerks
got it
I am really enjoying getting to know you
so tell me more about yourself...
LOL
ok
you want me to call you? or you call me?
or do you want to just chat here?
no worries
it was so nice of you to call and to hear your voice
the more I talk with you and the more I get to know you the more I like you
I hope it's ok to say that
aww...really?
thank you Erica...
that is so nice of you to say that
and I love your voice
you hate your voice?
omg no way
it's so sexy
so what is grandma doing?
LMAO....
I like you
it seems we get along so well...
I wish I could find a way to buy you minutes...
I think you need your own secret phone
your secret Mike phone...lol
well maybe I can help with that
would you be able to keep it secret?
lol...
so what girl walks around with 2 phones ih her pocket..lol
but...I'm not joking...I can explore getting you a phone...if you are seriously interested
yeah...or in your underwear drawer...LOL
unless your mom decides to wear your undies...lol
lol
so are you a thong girl or a bikini girl? or boy shorts?
cool...
I'm sure you would look awesome in any of those...
or in none of those...lol
do you like a guy in boxers?
or briefs?
cool....that is what I wear....
when I don't go commando...:\">
this is so fun...
I like you
love getting to know you...
hope you are feeling comfortable with me...
amazing I just had that same thought
as you know I'm older...much older...but I seem to relate well to you
yeah it is...it's really kind of amazing
how well we seem to communicate
but I think it's because you are so mature...
for your age
I just love that
it is such a turn on for me....
really think what?
omg yes...
very much so
for a girl your age to be able to carry on an intelligent conversation with a guy my age?????
yes...you are mature for your age
well my pleasure
can I ask...did you look at that website I sent you?
it was the one on circumcison
ok...so did you find it educational?
I don't either
especially if they take the time to research it
and understand the procedure
but can I share something with you?
I was so paranoid about sharing with you that I was uncircumcised
that you would think that was gross or something
and that maybe I looked weird....
really? why do you think that?
oh so you talked about circumcision?
with her?
oh ok....and she told you her brother's penis looked funny?
ah ok
got it
I hope and pray that you are ok with how I am
and that it is something that does not turn you off
promise Erica? promise me you aren't just saying that???
yes I understand...
but since so few guys are uncut....I just worry that you might have an issue with it
but what I have learned over the years...is that....most girls really like it better if they will take the time to enjoy it...
you think I'm silly?
good...can I be silly with you???
I'd love that
we'd love it
same here
do you think about me much?
that is so sweet
you can text anytime hunny...if I can answer I will...
like today...
I hope that is ok...
thank you....
I love chatting and talking
I really do
do you have any other pics?
I'd love to see more if you do....
that would be so nice of you to send some more....
wow you are gorgeous
omg are you kidding me?
awww...how awesome....you are both so cute
do you have one of Terra? is that her name?
oh how cool...wow she is tiny
well then you are tiny...lol
who is that?
oh ok...with glasses
cool
can I just say something?
you are a beautiful young woman
question for you?
I am an amateur photographer...sometime when we are together...I would love to take some photo's of you...can I ?
yes really
you could be a model hun
you have a real presence
but maybe someday when we are together....I can photograph you
I love to take outdoor portraits...
maybe we could take a hike or walk and I could photograph you outdoors...
it would be so fun
soon hun...whenever I can get away for a 4 1/2 hour drive....
have you thought anymore about a plan to get to Atlanta this summer?
for like a week?
oh I know....I've just been thinking after we meet a few times it would be cool to find a way to get you here
for a week this summer
I could schedule myself light that week or take the week off and we could hang out here in atlanta and hang around the pool
yes
yeah...we could enjoy the pool....get some sun....
do you like to bicycle?
omg no kidding
ok I have 2 bikes
road bikes
and there is this really cool trail that I ride on...it's called the Silver Comet
you should check it out online
and you could ride one of my bikes and we could go there
you are what....5/4 right?
do you know your inseam?
LOL
LOL
it's the length...in inches...from your crotch to the floor...LMAO
it's the length...in inches...from your crotch to the floor...LMAO
LOL
no worry
LOL
I'm 5/10...
no worry
I'm 5/10...
and my bikes both have adjustable seat heights
and my bikes both have adjustable seat heights
the only thing is you would need to be able to straddle the bike..they are both men's bikes
the only thing is you would need to be able to straddle the bike..they are both men's bikes
so you need to be able to straddle the top bar without it disecting you...lol
so you need to be able to straddle the top bar without it disecting you...lol
but if they are too big...we can rent a girls bike
but if they are too big...we can rent a girls bike
anyway...thinking a nice bike ride on the trail with a picnic lunch would be nice
anyway...thinking a nice bike ride on the trail with a picnic lunch would be nice
you really think so?
you really think so?
cool...
cool...
then we can get home and put our suits on and head to the pool for the afternoon
then we can get home and put our suits on and head to the pool for the afternoon
I might even offer you a beer if you promise not to tell anyone and get me in trouble...LOL
I might even offer you a beer if you promise not to tell anyone and get me in trouble...LOL
I like Corona with a lime in th summer
I think you would too
I like Corona with a lime in th summer
I think you would too
really? do you think about hanging out with me?
really? do you think about hanging out with me?
I haven't given up on it yet
I haven't given up on it yet
I have a crazy schedule but am trying to move things around
I have a crazy schedule but am trying to move things around
just know I will do my best
just know I will do my best
it's 4 1/2 hours there and 4 1/2 hours back...that is a lot of windshield time
it's 4 1/2 hours there and 4 1/2 hours back...that is a lot of windshield time
but I sense you would really like to see me
but I sense you would really like to see me
do you think we should just meet first and not do anything sexual?
do you think we should just meet first and not do anything sexual?
no I'm honestly asking you...would that be more comfortable for you...and me?
no I'm honestly asking you...would that be more comfortable for you...and me?
and us not feel pressured in any way
and us not feel pressured in any way
oh I know hunny I don't feel that I am either
oh I know hunny I don't feel that I am either
I'm just thinking it would give us both the opportunity to talk and get to know each other...without any expectations....
I'm just asking...
I'm just thinking it would give us both the opportunity to talk and get to know each other...without any expectations....
I'm just asking...
I am not concluding...just asking
I am not concluding...just asking
exploring that with you
exploring that with you
I think that is so sweet
I think that is so sweet
and loving
and loving
do I what?
do I what?
omg yes
omg yes
I think about you all the dang time
I think about you all the dang time
yes I do Erica....is that bad? :\">
yes I do Erica....is that bad? :\">
well I can assure you...you are not
well I can assure you...you are not
I'm just trying to be respectful....and a gentleman...and offer us both the opportunity to just meet and talk without any pressure to do anything more....
I'm just trying to be respectful....and a gentleman...and offer us both the opportunity to just meet and talk without any pressure to do anything more....
and then if we like each other...take it from there
and then if we like each other...take it from there
am I making any sense?
am I making any sense?
what are you thinking?
what are you thinking?
Erica...I totally really like you
Erica...I totally really like you
what are you thinking...please share?
what are you thinking...please share?
please don't be upset with me
please don't be upset with me
ok hun....thank you for chatting
sweet dreams
ok hun....thank you for chatting
sweet dreams
Hey there. Just got off the plane from Raleigh. It seemed as though you were upset with me when we chatted last. Not sure why :( 
But I like you a lot... 
I want to if you are still interested! 
good morning.....I have some free time this morning if you want to talk
hey good morning
how has your spring break been?
I'm so sorry
so what have you done to keep yourself busy?
how was the shopping experience with your mom?
get anything fun?
boring
I'll take you shopping someday...
if you'd like
I'm not Erica...I'm really not
I really like you...and I didn't sleep after our chat the other night
I have not changed my mind about you
what did I say?
Erica...I want more than sex...I want a friendship and relationship
I'm not like most men.
I want more than just sex...
I want to get to know you...
and the sex part will come...believe me
in what way?
you mean do I still like you and want you sexually?
can I be totally honest with you?
can I?
I want you sooooo bad....you have no idea
I have thought about you since the first time we chatted...
when you told me you were interested in being pleasured orally
I am so into you
I have masterbated so often since we've met...it's like crazy
yeah it's a wow...
Erica I have had some of the most powerful orgasms thinking about us
I mean like some of the most powerful I've ever had in my life...
have you tried?
I'd love to help you
I'm convinced it will...
have you thought about me when you masterbate?
thank you for that
can I ask what you 
can I ask what you think about when you think about me?
when you are masterbating?
please say and then I'll tell you what I have thought about...
Erica...you seem to be concerned about that? About not being able to orgasm?
please don't worry about it...
you are so sweet
I like you
do your friends tell you they are able to orgasm?
ok...
understand
can I ask...do you get pretty wet when you are aroused?
ok...
can I ask a personal question?
do you use just your fingers when masterbating or do you use a toy?
a vibrator or sex toy?
can I reveal a secret?
I bought one this week for us...:\">
I did
I was driving to Chattanooga and I saw a sex toy store near where I got gas
so I went over and bought one
it's pink....:\">
it's for masterbating...
it's a dildo...shaped like a penis...about 6 inches long..and it vibrates
one of my fantasies about you and me is having a toy for us to play with...so I bought one
I have never bought anything like that...and was even kinda embarrassed doing it
but I bought it for us
it would be fun for us to play around with I think
and it vibrates pretty strong...
we could take turns...
LOL...
well..
can I tell you a secret?
about me?
I like my anal area stimulated...it feels good...and I think you using the vibrator on me there would be so hot...especially if you were doing something else with my penis at the same time.....
doesn't that sound hot?
I understand...I'm just being honest
do you like your anal area touched?
No you are not lame...
can I ask a sensitve question?
I know you've said you really like me..
but are you just interested in me for sex?
ok
We can talk or chat I'm off this morning... 
Hi there...are you on yahoo? 
*phone number edited*: Ok 
She leaving anytime soon? 
*phone number edited*: Ok 
*phone number edited*: Off til 2 
*phone number edited*: I have some meetings here in Atlanta this weekend :( 
I'm sorry I'm so busy.. 
So did our chat help? 
Any chance we can talk? On phone? 
Surely she will run to the store? 
And I'm glad you feel better... 
*phone number edited*: Would like to hear your voice :) 
I like your voice. 
What do you think? Yes! 
Wish you had a webcam and mic. Anyway I can buy one for you? 
*phone number edited*: Dang so you had one? 
Yikes! Did you get caught? 
*phone number edited*: Oh ok. Dang. 
I like you! 
Am I different than other guys you've met? 
How am I different? 
Just asking how I'm different from other guys you've met? 
So sweet of you to say. 
And I like you because you are mature, sincere, genuine, attractive, and most importantly, I trust you... 
So aren't upset with me? 
Good I was so afraid all you wanted from me was sex... 
Thank you! 
can I ask a personal question?
another one I mean...lol
does not having had an orgasm really bother you?
but you get aroused and everything right?
yes...feeling like you want it
cool...
and you didn't orgasm the time you had intercourse?
no way?
ok hunny
thank you for our time
I so enjoy talking with you
maybe we can catch a few minutes on the phone tomorrow?
and yes I will text you sweetheart
go wash the dishes and make your gramma happy
kisses
and don't forget
to NOT shave!
goodnight :-*
Hope you are having a terrific day! 
Glad you're happy! I like your smile 
Yes I do! 
What ru doing tonight besides homework? 
U ok? 
Oh ok hun. Nice to see you. Glad you're ok. 
Why blahhh? 
Hear ya there. 
Sweet dreams! 
Hello from Nashville and happy Friday!
Yes it is!
I'm working in Nashville until Sunday
U?
Hello from Nashville! 
Hi driving back to Atlanta ...
How have you been?
Can we talk again sometime?
Hmmm
Hi Erica. 
How was your day? 
Are you home? 
Oh ok when will you be? 
I want you to see me on cam. Will you have privacy? 
Ok let me know when you are home. 
Ok I'm on yahoo... 
I'm trying! I'm wanting to hear your voice. This afternoon?
Ok
I'm sorry you feel that way
I'm sorry I live 4 1/2 hours away and have a successful business that keeps me busy
But I like you ALOT
Maybe we can talk thru messenger voice on our phones later
Hmu?
Ok
Do you know what your summer plans are?
hi
you there hun?
you there hun?
hey nice to see you
hey nice to see you
ok cool
what have you been up to this evening?
cool did she fix dinner for you?
yum yum
maybe you need to get her to bring you to Atlanta and she can cook for both of us...
no I do cook actually
I love to cook
love to grill
hope to get to grill for you someday...cook you dinner
I wanted to apologize...
for making you feel like I wasn't interested...
I'm sorry...
the distance makes it hard...and my schedule makes it worse...
I wish we lived closer....
but I'm not giving up...
if you are still interested...
good I was hoping you would say that
I wanted to show you that I'm real...
are you home alone?
oh ok...
are you sure it's ok if I turn my cam on for you?
there you go
is it working?
is it working?
is it working?
is it working?
blew you a kiss
blew you a kiss
you really think so?
thank you that is so nice of you to say
:\">
I wanted you to know I was real....
good I was hoping it would...
I felt like you were giving up on me
and I didn't like that
I'm just so darn busy and so far away
but I'm not giving up
unless you tell me you are not interested anymore
I know it must feel that way..and I'm very sorry
I want us to have a friendship that lasts a long time...
I'm not the \"one and done\" kind of guy...I think you know that
wish you were sitting here on my sofa with me
whats on your mind hunny?
good...wish you had a cam too
so I'm wearing my St. Louis Sweat shirt and my Mizzou pajama bottoms...
what are you wearing???
eventually....wanna join me?
me too...
what are you wearing?
lol
ok if you insist...
she is at the vet
she was sick when I got home on Sunday from Nashville
she had like pooped all over the place
so I took her to the vet on Monday...and he kept her...
no telling what this will cost me....
I hope so...
would be lonely around here w/o her
it's nice to have a furry little something to sleep with...#:-S
no she is it
me too...I called and they said she had something wrong with her GI tract...
I said...duhhh
I could have figured that out
do you remember me telling you that I bought you a present?
do you want to see it now or wait until we meet?
you sure?
it might get you all excited....:-O
ok let me go get it...hold on
ok...got it...you ready to see it?
i'll show you the on/off switch..
it has 5 speeds..lol
do you want me to bring it when I come see you?
look at the base near the switch..it even has these little \"fingers\".....check this out
see what i mean?
they are very soft
toy for us...
we can use it...or we can not....
just thought it would be fun to fool around with...
I've never used one before....
yeah i think you will enjoy the vibrations
yeah i think you will enjoy the vibrations
but the real thing is better...:\">
i like you
what's on your mind now...??? LOL
i like you
lol..
made you more anxious to see me?
so have you told anyone about me?
no one...
I did tell a little white lie to one of my doctor clients...
she is an OB/GYN...
remember how I told you I thought I could help get you on the pill?
well I told this doctor that I do some work for that my neighbor's \"daughter\" had come to me asking if I could help her get on the pill w/o her mom knowing it...
and I asked her if she would she her for that...
she said no problem...and I told her you were 14...
so if you ever get up here and you want to do that I can arrange it for you.....only if you want that
I hope that was ok...to frame it that way with the doctor
have you ever had a pelvic exam?
ok so you know what that is all about..she would need to do that she said
yeah I'm sure it is
you can use my address when you go so you won't get anything in the mail...
anyway....just trying to look ahead a bit....
I like you
I like you
we need to name our toy...any ideas?
lol...cool
i was thinking Pink Floyd =))
it's the name of a band from years ago
playing with our toy you mean?
just kinda makes me think about you doing that to me
yeah...unless you wouldn't want to...
cool...
but I am so excited about do that for you...
I might stay down there for hours once I get going....#:-S
I might stay down there for hours once I get going....#:-S
you know
don't you still want me to do that for you?
pleasuring your by orally stimulating your genitals
will you be ok if I do that?
I'll probably tease you a bit if that's ok?
with my tongue?
and maybe nibble all around it?
I think you will like it...
will you promise me something?
will you promise me that you will tell me what things you enjoy? give me feedback?
and if you don't like something...you must tell me that too...
thank you...
am I a nice guy or what?????
lol
now how many guys your age would even ask you that?
exactly
whattcha thinking?
oh ok
oh ok
shall I turn off the cam?
ok
it was nice showing you that I was real
and showing you our toy
good
and guess what?
you made mine...
btw...I fly to Dallas tomorrow and am there until Friday night....
just keeping you posted on my whereabouts
so I didn't make you uncomfortable being on the cam?
cool will you do me one more favor before we sign off?
send me a couple more pics?
I look at the two of yours I have all the time
and would like a couple more if you have any?
k thank you Erica
aww I've seen that one...thank you
and that one is incredible...wow you are a doll
omg I love that...
your lips are so kissable....
you have gorgeous full lips
LOL
you have probably never really had a guy like really kiss you have you? I mean REALLY kiss you?
yes....but also kiss you gently on your neck...your face...your eyes...all over
make you feel so special
you know what I can't wait to do?
have you standing looking away from me...naked...and have me come up behind you...naked...and I put my arms around you...pull your butt toward me...and kiss your neck and gently down your back...holding your breasts in my hands and gently caressing them
and you being able to feel the excitement in my penis against your butt...
did you read that?
sounds good doesn't it?
btw...are you nipples sensitive?
ok...can't wait to kiss them...
if that is ok?
soon I hope...keep me posted on your mom's work schedule ok?
really when is that?
dang during the week or weekend?
I'm am so booked...
when is it?
ok
that would be perfect
ok...let me know and if there is any way in the world I can get there I will
but next week is a killer just so you know
ok that would probably be better
ok i'll let you go hun
goodnight and thank you for spending some time with me
I'm glad you got to see me
kisses and hugs
bye hun
GM! On the plane to Dallas. Thanks for the time last night. 
Hi from Dalllas! 
Beautiful. 80 and sunny. Would text u a photo if I could 
Yes 
We can talk there too and not use your minutes. 
I think we can do video call thru yahoo 
Ok that week looks better. 
You home from school? 
Are you there?
Happy Friday 
On plane back to ATL 
Hope you are enjoying your weekend! 
Wish I was there to un- bore u! 
You are so cool. We need to figure out how I can get you a phone and a cam.... 
I have a webcam that I will bring when I come see you...I don't need it since mine is built in my laptop. 
I found the cam...now I have to find the disc with the software. 
I think I've found it. Will you be able to keep it hidden??? 
The cam I mean! 
Ok good. I'll bring it. 
You busy? Wanna try a yahoo messenger call? 
Ok no worries. Enjoy! 
Hey! I'm in Charlotte today 
You busy? Wanna try a yahoo messenger call? 
Ok no worries. Enjoy! 
Hey! I'm in Charlotte today 
Hi I'm on yahoo if you can talk? 
Oh ok sorry I missed you. 
Goodnight. 
Huh? Also on messenger. 
Wanting to try talking on yahoo.... 
Oh ok gotcha. 
Good morning. Talk this afternoon??? 
Yuck...Chicago 
Maybe your dad should move to Atlanta 
Can we try a messenger phone call later? 
Well let's at least try? Assume 3:30 your time? 
Oh ok. I just love your voice. I hope you don't find me difficult to talk to 
I don't feel that at all. I think you are easy to talk to and I love your voice. You seem very mature for your age...and I like that! 
Holler at me later.... 
I like you 
You with your gramma? 
Rats! 
How do you usually get to/from school? 
Cool. So no chance of talking later? 
Sure. Whatever works 4u. 
Are you excited about HS? It's almost graduation time! 
Really? About HS ? 
No! 
You'll be fine. 
HS will be some of the most enjoyable years...second only to college 
We can talk more about it if you want. I'll help you deal with it... 
Any chance of talking on messenger this afternoon? 
I'm in the Atlanta airport with a flight to St. Louis at 5:00. When should we try? 
Would like to try a messenger call. But can text too. Want you to be comfortable. 
Ok was thinking you may have some privacy when you get home... 
Ok so whenever you're alone just let me know. I like you. 
Hi boarding a plane for St. Louis Wanna go with me? 
Me too! 
One of these days! 
In the last 2,weeks I've been in 5 cities 
Yep it is. Business is good... 
Gonna try 
You still want to see me? 
I will surprise you then 
What street do you live on? 
Ok mapping it 
Got it 
Just off main? 
Gotta go they closed the door on the plane 
Where is the Hardee's? 
K what street? 
Ok just looking for it bye! 
Landed in St. Louis... 
Yep...no traffic in the skies 
What are your plans for Easter? 
Sounds nice! 
What church? 
Same here 
Happy Easter! 
I hope you are enjoying your day. 
No worries Hun. Just nice to hear from you. Beautiful day here in St. Louis. I'm visiting my sister and her family. 
Working on schedule...difficult to get there...but would Thursday work? 
I should be home around 7:00 your time. Talk??? 
Ok sorry to bother. 
I thought you dumped me 
Dang so sorry to hear that. I assumed you were no longer interested... 
On phone call. Will call you back. 
Can you talk? 
Oh I thought you were home sick. Ok we can talk tonight. Is she working tonight? 
I'm so sorry. Hope we can talk tonight. 
Ok we don't have to talk. 
Hi hunny! At dinner with a client. You feeling better? 
Good. R u home alone tonight? 
Umm...how late can you talk? 
Ok cool. 
So glad you're feeling better. 
What does May 1/2 look like 4u? 
Looks like I'll be in Dothan those days.... 
Yes it looks that way right now. Know your mom's schedule for then? 
Thur/Fri 
When will you know her schedule? 
Ok so you'll know the Friday before ? 
Yeppers. 
Ok cool. Wish you could get away that weekend and head to the beach w /me 
Yeah I think so too... 
What would you tell her you're doing? Who you're going with??? 
But what if she calls Terra...or Terra's mom? 
Are you alone for another hour? Hour and half? 
U there? 
Oh ic 
I just want to talk. This silly dinner is winding down...will you be free in 30 mins? 
Ok I'll text you when I'm done. I so like you. 
Good. Tty soon. 
I'm done! On my way home. Let me know when you can talk. 
Thank you for calling. Are you ok? 
Totally understand. Love talking with you. Get some rest. 
Night Hun. 
Hi hunny! 
Working my tail off Thank you for our phone time last night. Love your voice! 
Dang 
Sorry to hear that. 
Dang that's not good. 
You home alone? 
Hope you are feeling better... 
Hehe a lil butt? 
You're cute! So glad your tummy is better. 
So your mom didn't go to her conference? 
Oh ok gotcha. 
Just arrived in Hickory, NC 
I have clients in many places. Lots of travel! 
Hello from Hickory! 
Ru alone? 
Oh ok. Cool. Was going to see if you would want to try a yahoo phone call. But I guess not Hope you're feeling better. 
Happy Friday! 
I hope you are feeling better and have a restful weekend! Don't forget to check on your mom's schedule :) 
Hi there! What days exactly? Day or night shift?? 
Ok cool. Will be Thur or Fri...will let you know. 
Fri better 4u? 
Ok it may be Fri 
Excited? 
Very! 
How do you usually get to Terra's? 
Ok. So you would just meet me at Hardee's? 
Sounds like a plan... 
But you will??? 
Working :( Catching up on reports and email. 
You? 
You should get out and get some exercise! 
Nope! Excise is good! 
Exercise is too lol! 
Friday night? 
Ok cool. 
Hey back :) 
Good thoughts? 
Cool...I think?! 
Why are you nervous? 
I want to just meet you and get to know you. Are you ok with just that? 
Are you ok with just meeting without sex and getting to know each other first? 
What if you don't like me when you meet me? 
Not wanting to mess your head! Just want you to not be nervous and make you more comfortable by agreeing not to go all the way. Understand? 
You want to go all the way? 
Please? 
Can we simply agree not to go all the way the first time we meet? Then go from there? 
Can we simply agree that we won't go all the way this first time? Other stuff is fine. 
Please say yes :) 
Please. I'm driving 4 1/2 hours to see you...that is not all talk. 
Anything and everything else we decide on... 
What? 
Please? 
Wow.... 
Can we simply agree not to go all the way on Friday? 
Ok. I'll be in Dothan on Friday if you change your mind. I'm really not being unreasonable. Just one simple request. And I do really like you. 
That is what I thought you wanted. 
Do you remember? How guys your age don't like doing a certain thing for you? 
Do you remember what started our entire conversation 2 months ago? 
Erica please? 
We could have something really special if you will just calm down and not be mad. 
Yes 
Can I do that for you? 
Read what I'm saying. THAT is what I want to do for you when we meet the first time... 
Exactly. 
When you calm down can we talk? 
OMG yes! I so want to do that with you. Are you good with that? 
And I can also bring Pink Floyd if you want me to? 
If you want that? 
Erica. Are you not reading what I'm saying? 
Yes you told me. But you also told me no one would go down. I want to be your first :) 
Me too...I have been so looking forward to doing that with you. It is what got us talking. Are you ok with that? 
Totally sure. Very excited about it. Just don't want to have intercourse on Friday. Is that ok? 
I've never had intercourse the first time. I want us both to be sure about that. 
So you are ok with going ahead and meeting Friday? 
OMG thank you. Will you do me a favor? 
Don't shave! 
Cool! Can't wait to see you. Thanks for understanding! 
And I'm so excited... 
Should I bring my pink friend??? 
Ok. I hope you like him :) 
He is very nice. A little jittery now and then but that is not a bad thing! 
Have a couple of times. But, kinda boring without a playmate :) 
For sure.... 
Hi there! How was your day? 
Sorry to hear that! I'm heading to a business dinner. 
Glad we agreed on a plan for my visit 
What? 
Oh ok. I'm sorry. 
One step at a time...ok? 
I don't even know your last name 
Ahh...cool. Tyvm! 
Awe....so it would be a girl kitty? 
5:30 - 6:00...work? 
Just meet you at your house? Address??? 
Oh ok. Don't you love those nosy neighbors? 
I think Suki is a girls name :) 
So get a girl cat! 
Happy Friday! 
Driving 
U? 
Me too! 
ETA is 3:30. 
Swim suit :) 
K...bring your appetite! I'm starving! 
Yep 
U like Applebee's? 
That ok for dinner? 
Working on that :) 
Won't she want to drive you there? 
Oh ok are you ready now? 
Ok made it. I'm here finally! 
Whatever works for you. 
Ok see ya soon. 
Gray sedan...I'll text u when ICU. 
Ru there? 
Ru there? 
Just getting there.... 
Where at? 
I must be at the wrong place. 
Weird 
