hey, would love to chat. You are such a HOTTIE:)
np.
ru looking for a dad?
:)
40, and u?
u like my age?
ru looking for a dad to have some fun with?
where do u live?
near Hillsdale
ru looking for a dad to have some fun with?
hmm, kinda south west of Jakson
yeah, I realize that, but I do
nothing reall sporty, but I like it, 2002 ford escape
I used to have one back in the early 90's, before u were born:P
u have a few years yet son
yeah, my youngest step son was born in 94
when is ur BDay?
my boys also, his is the 5th, this Weds.
kewl
do u like guys?
older guys?
yeah, very undestanding, but do u find younge or older more sexy?
hehe, yeah, and we are a little more experienced, like a teacher
have u been with any guys?
no, I had a wife, but we seperated a few months sgo
well, ur only 13, give it some time. Like I tell my step sons, there is fun but u have ur whole life o have fun
do u think ur dad would be mad if he found out about u?
yeah, My boys would not like it withme either
what do u mean peeps lik u, there are lots, just most are too chickjen shit to say anything and at ur age, they think they have an image to uphold
Greg Luganis was
true, but ru not going o live the life u want, casue of the olympics? U can always hide it
u look like u have the body of a swimmer
yeah, me too
yes, I thought u did, ur in my list
do u talk to lots of guys on here?
I seen ur profile on dads4sons, and I really liked what I read
u look younger, but yet seem mature at the same time
does that bother u?
yes, hold on
I am not built or stunning, but nice looking
k,
do u have any older guys u like talking to?
well, I would be much closer:)
have any guys contacted u from dads4sons
how long has ur profile been on there
oic, suk to have the flew
would u like facial pic or others too?
would u like facial pic or others too?
they are me, I am not a fake
so, u get on every night?
I have to work nights sometimes, but would you like to chat when we can?
cool, I really like u, u sound like one of my boys, but I can't be the way I want to be with them, U know, intamant and gay
I sent u an email. If u have some more pics of u, I'll take all u can send me. Some nudes would be nice:)
I will at least try to message u if i can chat oline with u,k
real, thanks:)
so how early ru on?
how do u call, u mean on the hone?
phone
cool, I have land line 517-283-3169, remember I am not out
be descreet
If u have some more pics of u, I'll take all u can send me. Some nudes would be nice:)
I would love to se ur cock:)
cya kido
Hey Luke, how have you been?
My youngest sons Bday is Weds, so were are going out for his Bday, but I should be on hopefully sometime b4 8 Weds. night
Did you get me anymore pix?
Talk to ya soon:)
hey
u on?
I thought maybe u didn't have school by chance, Most all here were closed today cause of the snow. Well, anyway, I hope I catch u soon:)
cool, my boys had it off for parent teacher conferences, but then cause of all the snow the rest seemed to have gotten closed
so, what's up, Stud?
did you get the other messages I sent you yesterday, and this morn?
u chattin' with friends?
cool, u have lots?
nope, I have today and friday off
Today is my youngest boys Bday, he turned 14 
I am an Assistant manager at a McDee's
I thought u said ur Bday was March29?
then why did u say June?
k, thats cool, as long as ur not being a playa, that would break my heart:p
hehehehe
yeah, my middle boy graduates then
ru in 8th grade?
yeah, my youngest is too
so, how ya doin' in shool?
no, that is a bigge, thats good, Thats the way my youngest is, my middle boy is mostly A's but has trouble here and there sometimes
did u say that u could call sometime?
I would love to hear ur voice
)
:)
ur dad?
how do u and ur dad get along? is he a cool guy?
take u where, Practice?
why don't ur dad want to take u to practice?
don't u swim on ur school team?
must be his GF, the slut:P
oic, sorry, 
so tell me about ur team?
reall, they leave u there by urself?
don't u get lonely, or do u have friends over?
That's so shity!
my boys r only my stepsons, but I have been around them for 9 years and the feel and seem like my boys
u should care, u sound like a good person, and u need to be loved also
besides ur only almost 14, u need some guiedence still, someone to teach u things and help u get on with life
when r they going to Disney?
yeah, but when?
when r they going?
cool, would u like some comapny:)
I hav riday off:p
friday
whatever may cum:)
when is ur practice?
I would like to soend some time and show u a good time
hmm, dunno, maybe bring some chow to ur house and watch some movies or things on the net, then I could show yu some things:)
I could be ur teacher
hehehe, no study, stress relief and fun
I meant sex teacher :P
first time for everything, son
does the thought make u nervous?
too bad I couldn't bring u here for the weekend:(
I would let u make the decisions, I would take things slow and make u feel at ease
yeah, I kinda figured he would
too bad u don't have a cell
I would love to spend the night with u, friday, but I have to be at work at 7Am Sat
so, If I visit, what would u like to do?
cum on, u have fantasie, desires, things u like
why, I don't think ur a freak
I would love to kiss u
we would go from a kiss to undressing each other, I would love to nibble at ur earlobes, ur nipples, lick u from nut sack to head then all the way down to ur toes, where I would then suck on ur toes
I have few more pix
I love ur pix, I wish u s had some nude ones
yeah, I lkie feet, and believe me, u would find that hot:)
makes tingles go up ur spne
yeah, I am sure he would
we could take some if I visit
sweet
ru getting hard, cause I sure am:)
u did, kewl
do u want me to cum ther?
hehe, so, what do u want to try? what r some of ur fantasies?
yeah, I lkie feet, and believe me, u would find that hot:)
ru getting hard, cause I sure am:)
k, I would tell u what to do, but I want u to feel comforatble and be relaxed and have fun
so, ur dad doesn't really pay much attention to u at all?
I hope I don't scare u
really:)
I hate beer, I hate the taste. I am more for the acholic drinks
I hope I don't scare u
yeah, but would he notice if it was gone, or if someting was out of place?
k, so we could get something if u wanted. It might make u feel more relaxed, But I would like u to have a good time a be able to remember the experience
k, did u get drunk?
beer is only like 5% or less alcohol, where most liquirs are much more
k, if u can be honest, do u do drugs?
not saying that I don't trustu being honest, I just don't like drugs, and thats awesome that u said that:)
u can, u just have to be dicreet, and watch ur step with ur lifestyle
what time do u get out of school Friday?
WOW, I can't believe how hard I am getting from chatiing with u. Ru hard too?
hehe, what ru wearing?
when?
thats what I am wearing
k, u wanna chat when u get bacK?
how long do u think u be gone?
yes, I am for real, and would not shit u
u ever fantisize about using sex toys?
dildo, body lotion, whipped cream, whatever, idk was just asking
I usaully like flavored lotion sometimes, but mostly just u and me
nothing, really, but some like it
not me, I am a top
maybe someday when i find the one that is right I amy take it
hm, Idk, I may let u if u want:P
we can see what happens
how big ur dick?
do u dream of getting it giving it or both?
I am 6.5, glad u like me:)
, i does, but if ur a guy who likes it, it feels awesome they say, but if u have had drciks and u want me to do it to u, I will
I won't if u dont want me to
we could start by finger banging, then maybe try different things to see if u like and if u think u want me to do u
what do u mean a lie?
I wish i was ther to suck u off:)
u can catch things, but u don't have to worry about me I am clea. I have bben with the same woman for 9 years, until a few months ago, and I havn't been with anyone since
yeah, cause rubbers take away from the feel, the sensation
but they make ones that actually give alot of sensation these days
but in our case, I don't hink there is anything to worry about. ur a virgin right?
k, hoiw long u be gone?
hell yes u will, I want to keep u around, son
k, hoiw long u be gone?
k, hoiw long u be gone?
k, see u then, lets chat when ur back
cya
let meknow when ur back:)
hey bud, we r going out to pizza hut for my sons BDay. I hope to get to chat more tonight, b4 8. I really want to cum see u on Friday. I need to know some things, like ur address, so I know how to get there. I really, really want to show you a good time. I hope to chat soon
o kewl:)
we will be leaving soon, we r going to Pizza hut
where did u go
I am here now:)
u still here?
Let's chat:)
cool
so, how was Meijer?
really, like what?
k, like pizza waffles, what?
yeah, thats all we did was goto pizza hut
no, he didn't want any
my son?
hehehe, I thought u liked older guys
he is cute, but not hot
can I hold it for u:)
WOW, must be some pe, either that or u had to reel it out then spend time reeling it back in:)
hehehe
yup. me here
yes, I did, it's SteveP
like:P
sorry, I typed wrong
so, u still want ne to come Friday?
about when is ur dad leaving
he will beleaving for florida b4 u goto school?
k, then I was thinking of being there right about the time u get out of school, would that be k?
do u ride a bus?
k, cool
I will need ur address to get directions
I am niether, but How will I know were to go
brb,k
sorry, back
back now
k, I am not a cop playa or any of that
how can I be sure ur are not a cop or playa?
:)
:-c
u still here
u done yet?
huh, k I guess u don't trust me now:(
oic,k
I am not a cop or a playa
how do I not know that about u?
U can trust me, I am for real on this
when, can u call?
cool, that would be great, u can still talk on here til 8, right?
kewl
hehe, thats good
k, I want u strong and all horny to go Friday\")
:)
Am I going to her from u?
k, go get something to eat, Idon't want my boy shriveling up
cya, cutie
Holy Shit! u have a sexy voice. It was so awesome that u called. The only reason I was wanting to be there when u got of school, is cause I was really hoping to have that extra time with u, But I understand what ur worried about. I hope to chat with u onli her Thursday. I go in at 3pm, so I will be leaving at about 2:15. I will be on when u get out of school:)
bout time u got home:)
hope ur dad didn't catch u on the phone last night?
I really was glad that u called last nite,, u have a hot voice:)
so, if u have a school project, how r we going to work things tomorrow?
no, no kid, Ihave the body to prove that
but, i really don't look like I am 40
k, well if I was to leave when u call at 3, I wouldn't be there til 5. Would be great if I could get there about the time u get home. Is there a store or gas station or something near ur house where I could meet u?
maybe a resteraunt?
cool,, what time would u be there after school?
k, so, u want me to just meet u at meijer gas station at 3?
where is that gas station? do u know the road it is on?
k, I thought u lived in canton?
oic, i have heard of van buren
so, what is the road meijer is on, the address?
k, I will check online
so, are u all excited?
I know I am:)
I have not had sex in 4 months, and I have not been with a guy in over 10 years, let alone a young lil hottie like u:P
hehe, well, we will have lots of it Friday:)
I will make u come several times
do u jerk of alot?
hehe, wow
yeah ur a teenager:P
so, will it be cool if I stay the night and get up bout 5 am and leave for work from there?
whats the zipcode there?thats cool, I was thibnking we might have to do something bout my car
I thought maybe we could talk fool around some, amybe go out for a bit, then come back and have some more fun. Unless u would prefer to stay in all night and have fun:)
k, what is ther to o around there?
nm, we will have fun
do u wear boxers?
kewl, me too
but I usually only wear them with my uniform. I don't usually where them everyday
is the road that meijer is on belleville rd?
huh, when I wear jeans, I freeball it
yup, woul u find it sexier if I wore my boxer breifs so that u could take them off? or u coulld just undo my jeans and unzipp them to get to my cock:)
no, I wish I did
ford escape, what will u be wearing, so I know how to find u easier?
will u be out by the front doors of the gas station?
u never answered if u want me to wear boxer briefs for u to take off or if u just want to undo myjeans to get to my cock?
:)
u think it would be sexier?
kewl
hehe, k, well u do have opinoins and I am sure u have things that turn u on
yeah, kewl
what kinda porn do u look up on the net?
I know gay, but doing what?
younger older?
dad son action
cool
do u jerk off to them?
I'll bet ur r hard a a rock rightnow, huh
yeah buddy
yup, and I have been looking at ur pix on hi5 ever since we have started talking, thinking of being with u, and fantisizing about whatwe will do:D
what kinds of un u like?
opps I meant to say tunz
I like most anything, as long as it sounds good. friends o my boys think ikewl cause I like music like they do
u mean what time today?
I work 3-12 tonight
do u ever skip school?
good, its a bad thang
well, if ur dads not there, who they gonna call?
good boy:)
anyway, it's good o be bad sometimes
u have pratice everyday?
yup, thought maybe the vid cam to:)
u wanna star in ur own porn?
hehehehehe
sure, why no
not
I would love to have a part of u til the next time we can be together
suck, fuck bath, 69, I'll eat ur ass, what do u want big boi?
I sent u an email
I want suck, eat ur ass, lick ur balls, suck ur toes, 69, maybe turn u into a sindae and eat ur cherry out:)
u get the pix, then?
makin u dick leak:P
sorry, what kinda puter u got?
yes, its my dick
ru beatin ur meat right now
hehe, dad around? if not pull it out, jerk it off
I would but u have to wait. Good things cum to those who wai u know:P
no, I have seen tthe oldest two naked b4, but at different times of course
my middle boy is o HOT
my other boys r goodloking alo
yeah, we used to goto the YMCA and go swiiming, the begining of last year
he is 18
I want to get spy camera to why him shower, that would be HOT
would love to watch he and his GF fuck too
I have all my clothes of but myshirt, playin with my dick, right now
yeah, but at least I could she him fucking, with his Hot ass in the air and is balls slapping
u will tomorrow
he had sex with her last week and i put on his used condom with his cum in it and JOED
JK, but does that sound hot to u?
yeah
he jokes alot and last fall after wrestling pratice, he would change into sweats and tshirt and would walk aorund pullin his sweats down mooning us
he has a nice tight body like u:)
smooth and just alittle hair on his chest and a trail from his belly button to his..............
yeah him either
yeah, everyone has a little at least. DAMN ur making me so horney
I am wacking my cock now
k
hurry up, so I can tell u when I cum:P
cool
tomorrow 3pm belleville meijer gas station, right?
gotta get to work, cya then boner boy:)
go take care of that hard cock of urs:P
yeah, don't get caught at school
I will just meet u at 3, meijer gas station
k, u better:)
get some rest and I hope ur looking forward to tomorrow
why didn't u jerk off?
hehe, lots of cum
gotta get to work now, cya tomorrow, son:)
kewl cya then
yes, i will be there:)
I am sorry, I wasn't up:(
