hello
34/m/mi and u?
hmmmmmm....ok
well my friends just call me D
nice...how r u doin tammy?
im good
anything u like is ok with me..im just tryin to kill sometime thats all
ok...do u have a movie in mind?
well i havent seen anything new recently...how about u?
yeah i do but still not that often even tho i do have some movies to watch
ok
what was the last movie u seen?
ok...i missed that then
what was that baby? 
nah i didnt know that...how did u find that out?
oh ok
i guess u can learn a lot from a movie huh ;)
i like comedy, horror and action movies
u scared of them baby? :-P 
i would take care of u if we watched a scary movie together baby  
of course i would
u know i think thats so stupid too
ok
ok
what u had to do?
oh ok
u hurt now baby? 
ok...im sorry to hear that happened to u and hope u get well soon baby
thats good
i dont know...u have any pics of u baby?
yeah i have some pics
send me your myspace link baby
ok
61 years old huh baby? :-P
yeah i see it...well i must say u pretty hott lookin for a 61 year old baby ;) 
yepp
yeah for real....i gotta go add me so we can chat later ok baby
thank u
u be online late nite?
well if u be online late tonite i'll talk to u then ok
ur a nice girl too baby
i'll show u some pics of me then or my cam ok ;)
ok bye for now and take care over there baby
awwwwww...i just missed u not to long ago...ok i'll talk to u tomorrow...goodnite baby
hello baby
im good and u?
thats good...how is your leg comin along?
thats cool baby
nothin much really..took care of a lil paper work thats all
yepp
pretty much the same baby
its ok
well anything is cool with me
well do u have a boyfriend? 
nah im single
u ever had a boyfriend before?
wow...thats hard to believe
yeah...u too cute not to ever have a boyfriend before...well im sure some boys have tried to get with u right?
well u is pretty but just not popular huh?
why u think u not pretty?
yeah u is
yeah u pretty...remember i seen your pics ;)
that cant be true
ok i believe u but the boys in your school must be blind then cause u is pretty baby ;)
yw :D
do u have more pics of u baby?
i thought i had some pics of me on this computer but i dont but i do have a cam baby
u want a cam too?
why not?
oh ok...thats possible i guess
which windows do u have on there?
hmmmmm...if your computer can run xp then it can run a cam baby
yeah and cams r pretty cheap these days...u can find them somewhere between $20-$35 now
yw baby
well if u do get a cam just make sure im the first to see u baby ;)
thats cool
well let me see those so called dum pics of u baby
well thats cool right? :)
nah i wont make fun of u baby
these r cute pics baby
u took these pics yourself?
ok
this pic shouldve been in color cause u lookin too good in it baby ;)
yepp
do u like the curly hair?
yeah i think it looks pretty on u baby
oh ok
how old is your sister?
ok
really
thats cool...do u miss her?
how did the accident happen baby?
oh ok...yeah that doesnt sound like it was your sister fault to me
ok
do u get to chat with your sister online while shes away?
ok baby
yeah i have 1 sister and 1 brother
yepp
yes i am baby
well i kinda did everything my brother did when he did it cause we only like 3 years apart
so do u wanna see me now baby?
well im not as cute as u but ok baby
ty baby :)
so what city r u in?
ok thats cool
nah...i'll just tell u that im in detroit
do u even bother puttin on much clothes with that thing on your leg baby?
ok...i assumed u did baby
so when do u become my girlfriend baby? ;)
well how do u feel about that baby?
well do u like me?
thats cool and i think youre a lil cutie ;)
yepp
yw
ty :)
so i guess u my baby girl now huh?
well thats up to u...u make the call baby
do u want to be my baby girl?
well u ready said u like me and think im cute and i think the same about u...so where do we go from there baby?
so i'll call u my baby girl and u can call me daddy ok?
u like that baby girl?
ok...brb
ok u know how i call u baby alot right?
i want u to call me daddy when u answer me too ok baby girl
u didnt do it baby
u didnt call me daddy
yeah thats right baby girl ;)
its just kinda like nicknames for people thats together thats all baby girl
see...daddy goes with baby girl right?
u learn pretty quick baby
u like that now dont u baby?
youre such a good girl
it kinda turns me on in a way baby girl :-\"
yeah
u probably dont get those moods yet huh baby girl?
do u get turned on?
hmmmmmm...ok
do u know what a clit is baby?
tell me what u know about it baby
really
so what did she say about it baby?
did she say where it is?
really...where at baby?
r u shy baby girl?
come on..u can tell daddy baby
awwwww...my baby girl is shy
so did the teacher say why its there baby?
have u ever tried to find out why yourself?
ok baby girl
u still forgettin to say somethin baby girl
you'll get the hang of it guess baby
good girl ;)
hmmmmmm....have u ever seen my profile baby girl?
ok baby
i dont know if u ready for my profile yet baby girl :-P
well u see my yahoo name right baby?
do u know what it mean baby?
well if u wanna know if its true then go ahead and look at my profile baby girl
then tell me what u think baby
yes it is baby
u blushhin over there arent u baby?
really
if u was here and i showed u what would u do baby?
if i told u to grab it would u baby?
sure baby
would u want to baby?
so if i said to grab it would u baby?
ok baby
what do i want u to call me baby girl?
ok baby girl
r u still lookin at that pic baby?
why not?
cuz what baby?
look at it again baby girl
yeah baby
good girl
now what if i told u to put your mouth on it would u do it baby?
ok but would u do it baby?
yepp...they usually start around your age too baby
yepp...im sure some girls at your school has started doin it already...probably those popular girls baby
well u is my girl now right baby?
so would u put your mouth on my dick for me baby?
i would want u to baby girl
would u like to see my dick on the cam baby?
yeah but before i show u i want u to say show me your dick daddy....ok baby
go ahead and say it baby
yes baby girl
good girl
yepp
yeah u see me baby?
hmmmmm...i guess my cam froze baby
close it and i'll send it again ok
u see this dick baby?
i want u to suck this dick baby
yes baby
say u wanna suck my dick baby
yes baby girl
u there baby?
my cam still movin for u?
ok then say what i told u to say baby
say i wanna suck your dick daddy
whats wierd baby?
just give it a try for me baby girl
come on baby girl
u still there?
what r u doin baby?
what r u wearin baby?
i want u to do somethin for me while u watch me stroke this dick ok baby
can u touch your clit for me baby?
they in the same room with u baby?
ok so your screen is turned away from them right?
so r u still watchin me baby?
ok...u a good girl baby
well i want to cumm for u baby
kinda but i can do it quicker if u say what i want u to say tho baby girl
say u wanna put your mouth on my big dick
u there baby girl?
ok baby...will u be on later?
ok come back to me afterwards ok
ok baby...u take care over there
bye baby girl and u still forgettin somethin
hello baby
im good and u?
thats cool baby
nah not really...just did a lil workin out thats all
ok baby
did u get online yesterday?
ok baby
ok
ok
anything is fine with me baby
i listen to mostly rap but i do listen to other kinds of music too
i dont really have a fav but i do like snoop dogg
nah snoop isnt dead baby...he even have a tv show right now :-P
i believe u thinkin about 2pac baby
its ok baby
yeah he cool...i listen to some of his songs
ok baby
yeah i like them too
do u try to dance like them baby?
do u try to dance?
if i wanted u to dance for me would u baby?
just say if i was sittin in front of u and just asked u to dance...would u do it baby?
all u really have to do is move your butt around tho baby
u wasnt movin your butt around when u dance baby?
what just arms up in the air and jumpin around a lil?
ok baby
yepp
so have u been thinkin about me baby?
nice...what were u thinkin about?
awwwwww....thank u baby
how long did they say your leg is goin to be in that thing baby?
they havent told u yet?
ok
yeah u the bionic woman baby :-P
who knows...u might be able to run a lil faster baby
yeah it would be
uh huh...come over and sit on my lap baby ;)
have u asked about the cam yet baby?
yeah i just think she dont want u to have 1 baby thats all
did she tell u why she said no?
if u runnin windows xp u can run a webcam baby..trust me cause i work on pc's
yeah she just dont want u to have a webcam and makin that up as an excuse baby
well thats your mom..but she shouldnt lie to u like that tho..she shouldve just told u why she dont want u have a cam baby
yeah im sure it does baby
shes still pretty much just treatin u like a kid baby
yeah if u was my daughter i would just be honest with u about somethin like that
well i'll be honest with u and not treat u like a kid baby
nah..u not a baby
and u a smart girl too baby
i believe u do baby
thats good baby
really?
u a good girl baby
do your dad treat u like a kid too?
ok
im here baby
i'll become visible for u then baby ;)
im lookin at this real cheap webcam on this site right now and it says it can even run on windows 98 baby
see check it out baby http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16830194002
and its only $10
well for that price u probably could baby
damn i just noticed that cam has a built-in mic too baby
i might buy that cam myself :-P
yeah if i got it i would just send it to u anyway baby ;)
yepp
but your mom would probably take it away from u tho baby
well i guess that would work baby
how would u be able to buy it tho baby?
ok baby
ok baby
and then when u get the cam i get to see u do a lil striptease for me right baby? :D
yeah..thats cool with u right baby? :D
ok i'll talk to u later baby
bye baby and take care
hello baby
im good and u?
ok...im kinda always on here around this time baby
nah just looked at some stuff on the internet thats all baby
just some cellphone stuff thats all
yeah i look at some of those too baby
would u ever make a video to put on there baby? :-P
nah
if i make a video it would be too x rated to put on utube baby ;)
cause im a x rated kind of person baby...u seen my profile ;)
would u ever do a video with me baby?
if i wanted to do a video that was kinda x rated would u be in it with me baby?
sure baby
im here
i am talkin baby...and u been forgettin to call me daddy
ok
a good way to remember is to see when i call u baby
what about what baby?
i was just sayin that everytime i call u baby that u should call me daddy thats all
its ok baby
yes baby
its not that hard really...kinda think of it as a game..when i say baby u say daddy...it pretty simple
u bein in the bed with me right now baby ;)
just u layin in the bed with me naked and u lettin me play with your clit baby
yes baby
would u let me do that baby?
yeah
well u like me right?
and i just told u that i like u
so its ok right baby?
would u want me to be naked with u in the bed while i play with your clit baby?
ok
u see i treat u like a big girl...do u like that baby?
im glad u like it...i'll let u play with my dick anytime u want baby
yeah...would u want to?
ok
what r u wearin baby?
ok
can  u touch your clit for me now baby?
why not?
oh the bitch there huh baby?
ok...if she wasnt there u would do it for me right?
why not baby?
do your pussy ever get wett baby?
u should be able to feel it if it do baby
when u go to bed tonite can u think about me and rub your clit for a lil bit baby?
u would be able to do it right?
im here
just wishin that u had your mouth on my dick right now thats all baby
u there?
i dont know..is the things im talkin about ok with u baby?
i want your mouth on my dick baby
yeah...would u do it if u was here baby?
if u know me more would u let me fuck u too baby?
u would be a big girl for me huh?
as long as u keep talkin to me u will like me lots cause im goin to teach u a lot of big girl things baby
u wanna know big girl things right?
u want to know the things that girls your age and older should know right?
well i'll teach u baby
i already showed u your first dick right baby?
u was ready to see what a dick look like right?
did u like it baby?
did u know girls put they mouth on that baby?
see i told u that those popular girls is probably already doin it baby
u want to be popular too right?
well all u have to do is start suckin some dick and u will be popular too baby
yeah boys will start hangin around u too baby
for real baby
yeah just start suckin dick and u will be popular too baby
thats how u start off becomin a big girl too
im sure your sister has done it before baby
shes in college baby..they do it all the time there and they fuck too
ok baby
well i gotta go now so i'll ttyl ok
bye baby and take care
hello baby
im good and u?
just shoveled snow thats all so far
nope
so no school work for u today huh?
ok baby
im not workin at the moment baby
yeah it does but i might be gettin a job pretty soon tho
its at a factory and i'll just be makin some parts
well they make tanks for the military so i guess its parts for that
i dont know about fun but they do pay well tho
well with the extra money i'll be able to get u somethings but only if u be a good girl tho baby ;)
i dont know yet..tell me somethings u like baby
would u even be to accept gifts baby?
be able
if u bought u somethin would u be allowed to have it?
ok
anything is fine with me baby
hmmmmm...i dont know baby
i always just come up with sexual things to talk about baby
but when i talk about that it is ok with u right baby?
nah u my big girl right?
thats good baby
i'll say pizza baby
either a meat lovers or a supreme baby
sounds good baby
nope
yeah they ruin the pizza baby
i have no idea but thats somethin i would put on a pizza
wouldnt
well i eat alot of different food so i wouldnt say that i really have a favorite...i just eat whatever i have to taste for really
yeah i like steak too
yepp
enough with the food baby...u startin to make me feel hungry now :-P
i still dont know...is there any big girl questions u wanna know about baby?
i already told u that my friends just call me D but u suppose to be callin me daddy but u keep forgettin tho baby
i dont know if u really is tryin baby
ok but u shouldve called me daddy right after u said that baby
ok baby
yepp
come over and sit on my lap only wearin a skirt and a tank top with no bra and panties on baby ;)
yeah baby
i know..i can come and pick u up baby
yepp
yeah it would be baby
i have a jeep
black and tan
ty
u wanna ride around in it baby?
its ok with me baby
do u have any female friends baby?
how many?
r they cute like u too baby? ;)
ok...how does they body look baby?
r they skinny or average or big baby?
ok
do they have titties yet?
thats nice...maybe i would pick them up too and we'll all drice around together then baby
drive
they your age too?
ok
do u talk to them online too?
since u got injured huh?
yea i guess that would suck
do they live near u?
and they havent came to visit u either baby?
ok baby
im here baby
have u ever been able to hang out baby?
yeah i guess it would be
would u let me have some fum with them too baby?
like would u let me do things with them that me and u have talked about baby?
i do baby...im just askin a question thats all
ok baby...i just wanted to know how u would feel about that baby
ok
u wanna be the only girl to play with my dick baby?
im here
ok u can be the only girl to play with my dick baby
ok baby
ttyl...take care baby
goodnite baby
hello baby...sorry i havent been on here lately but it was because my internet was messed up..its workin now so hopefully i
i'll get to talk to u soon baby
hello baby
im good and u?
yeah my internet was off for a few days
i miss talkin to u too baby
what have u been doin lately?
thats cool...would u be gettin online the nite she spend the nite over there baby?
hmmmmm...what do u think u would do baby?
ok baby
u start savin up for that cam yet baby?
oh ok
then when u get it i'll get to see the pretty girl i be talkin to huh baby? ;)
yeah that would be way cool baby
just caught up and finished somethings i was workin on thats all really
well i had a few videos that i had wanted to be able to play on my phone so i converted those files over and finally got that done
do u have a cellphone yet?
cool...can u take pics with it?
ok baby
i kinda like suv's best baby
like escalades and trucks that look like them
that would be cool baby
thats nice
cherokee jeep
black and tan
its ok baby
would u come visit me when u get a car baby?
yeah it would be baby
u my lil girlfriend right baby?
thats good baby
ty baby
u like bein with a black man huh baby?
ok baby
ok
come here and sit your lil ass on my lap baby ;)
yeah and wear a skirt too baby ;)
can i play with your pussy while u sit on my lap baby? :)
yes baby
good girl 
im here baby
do u still look at my pic sometimes baby?
i mean my profile pic baby
u look at it sometimes when im not on here?
ok
ok
oh ok
yeah
ok baby...i'll ttyl
:-*
hello baby
im good and u?
thats great baby
yeah its always good to be makin some progress with it baby
r u goin to tell them u have a boyfriend? ;)
youre such a good girl baby
yeah u is baby
yeah its cool talkin to my lil girlfriend :)
so what if your friends ask u who is your bf...what will u tell them baby?
hmmmmm...and thats it baby?
ok baby...i get it :D
yeah its ok with me but what if they want more details like how do i look and how did u meet me baby?
really
i dont know..tell me what would u tell them and then i'll answer that ok baby
ok thats all good i guess baby...but how would u explian how i look or my age if they ask?
ok baby
i dont know how that will go cause i dont know your friends but i wouldnt give them that much info tho baby
cause some people have a problem with race and age and if they do then sometimes they would try to give u a hard time baby
yeah thats cool for us but do u really want other people givin u a hard time because of that?
cause thats just how some people is baby...they want to be all in somebody else business cause u happy and they not
ok baby
i dont know baby
hmmmmm....how about u come over and sit on my lap baby ;)
cause thats what i want u to do baby :D
yepp...and with u in a skirt and no panties on too baby ;)
yeah...would u do it baby?
and i get to play with your clit and pussy too right baby? :D
nice...would u play with my dick while im doin that to u baby?
so i can be your first for everything huh?
yeah u need a man thats goin to treat u like a big girl baby
your mom still treatin u like a baby huh?
your mom sounds like shes just bein a bitch with u baby
did she do your sister the sameway?
hey do u think it'll be ok if i can talk to your sister too baby?
oh ok...but u wouldnt mind if i did right?
just so i can pretty much find out if she was treatin like u too and to let u know somethings about her that u dont know already baby
how would u ask her if she sucked dick before baby?
just to tell u if shes doin it and when she started doin it baby
i dont know...but would u be shocked if she said she started doin it when she was 11 baby?
ok but then u would be 2 years behind already baby
i wish u was here right now baby
what would u want to do if u was over here baby?
hmmmm...is that all baby?
i mean would u want to do anything else too thats all
i like movies and we can do that too baby
what if my dick got hard while we watchin a movie what would u do or say baby?
if i asked u to take care of it would u baby?
well if i said take my dick out of my pants will u do it?
ok and then i tell u to suck on it will u do it baby?
thats ok...its a first time for everything baby
yeah
if i told u to say i like suckin your big black dick while u doin it would u say it baby?
mmmmm...can u say it now and call me daddy too baby
yes baby
i like that...now say what i told u to say baby
say i like suckin your big black dick daddy
cause i want u to baby..im feelin horny right now
yes baby
i just told u im horny baby so say it baby
this isnt cyberin..its kinda like it but different baby
i know but i just want to see how u would be before we make it real thats all baby
well i can tell u dont like talkin dirty over the computer baby..so u can tell
somewhat cause u not doin what i asked u to do baby so now u have me thinkin u might be like that in person too
then just do it ok baby
u dont care about your man i see baby
then u not showin it baby
would u rather for another girl to do it for me baby?
yeah it would be but u not takin care of your man tho baby
but arent u suppose to do what i want u to do for me baby?
just do what i tell u to do is that ok with u baby
u makin me feel like i need a new gf cause u wont do what your man want u to do baby
its not cyberin...all i asked u to do was to say somethin thats all baby
i said kinda but its different tho...i just want to see if u would do want i want u to do before i do see u thats all really and now it seems like u wouldnt baby
r u goin to say what i want u to say baby?
didnt i just tell u its not cyberin...just fuck it...forget it baby
whatever
oh now u mad at me or somethin?
im mad at u cause u wont do somethin so simple as sayin a few words...so im mad about somethin baby
how many fuckin times do i have to say its not cyberin to u baby?
no its not...do u really know what cyberin is?
first off...do u think what i was doin on the cam the last time cyberin?
ok well do u know anything about roleplayin?
well that has more to do with cyberin than what im talkin about doin...i dont cyber myself baby
what im doin is kinda more like a test more than anything else baby
so what im tryin to see is how much r u really down to be with me...so if u can say or do things that i asked u to do on here then i know what to expect when i see u in person baby
yeah so its like how can i expect u to say i like suckin your big black dick in person if u cant even do it on here baby
well im tryin to see if u would do what i want u to do and say...so yes i do baby
yeah but u still forgettin to call me daddy baby
good girl....now was that so hard baby?
did that feel like cyberin to u?
like a what?
oh u mean like we was fightin baby?
over somethin stupid and somethin so simple too huh baby?
u like me alot dont u baby?
im here
no and i apologize for gettin mad at u ok baby
i want u to be happy baby
thats good baby
i still wish u was here tho baby
ok baby...i'll ttyl
yes baby
:-*
goodnite baby
hello baby
im good and u?
thats good
yeah that'll be good baby
i bet it does baby
i know u is baby
im here
im just lookin at somethin right now thats all
just thru this site
downloadin some games for my phone
just any games that come out
what r u doin over there?
ok
anything is ok with me baby
ummmmm....my b-day ;)
ok baby
christmas is only good when u young
cause when u get older u just end up spendin way more money than the gifts u get back in return
well i didnt say i dont like christmas i just said its only good when u young thats all
yepp
i dont know at the moment baby
brb ok
ok im back
to get somethin to eat
some beef stew
ok baby
wasnt your friend suppose to spend the nite over there tonite baby?
what she do?
oh ok
yeah im sure it wouldve been nice to have some company over there baby
ok
well maybe she'll be able to do it next weekend
that'll be cool for u cause i might not be on here next weekend baby
its my b-day weekend..its on the 15th and i'll most likely be hangin out somewhere baby
yepp
when is your b-day?
nice baby
yeah it is
what i been tellin u to do for me mostly everytime we talk baby ;)
your mouth on my dick baby ;)
would u do that for me baby?
thats cool
r u able to get out of the house tho baby?
do u go by yourself baby?
so who do u go to the store with?
well i doubt they would let u suck my dick if they with u baby :-P
yeah if u did your dad would be like..damn his dick is even bigger than mine and then your mom will be like tammy can i suck his dick after u :-P
now what would u say if that did happen baby?
if what i just said happened for real...what would u say?
if u was suckin my dick and then your mom asked u can she suck my dick after u do cause my dick is bigger than your dad..what would u say about that?
so u would let her do it?
but u just said u think it'll be cool baby
ok my fault
uh huh...u just want this dick all to yourself thats all baby :->
ok baby
ok
ok
nah..im downloadin some videos now tho
if i wanted to video tape us havin sex would that be ok with u baby?
i dont show people baby
just so i can look at it later to masturbate to whenever u not around baby
nah its not gross baby
i mean if im goin to masturbate to some porn than i might as well be watchin u and us together right baby?
its cool baby
yepp
i dont know but i have to go pretty soon tho
my brother want me to go to a party with him
yepp
37
*brothers name*
ok
yepp
sorry but i have to go now baby
yeah baby
ok ttyl baby...take care :-*
hello baby
im good and u?
well thats a start baby
thats good baby
yeah it was cool
went to a party at a club
im here
im still here baby
ok baby
anything is fine with me
i want some head from u baby
yepp
wouldnt that make a nice gift?
so r u goin to do it baby?
what i just asked baby
ok so tell me where u at so i can come and get it baby
mad about what?
hmmmmm....ok
so how am i suppose to get some head baby?
first off what city u in baby?
u can tell me..its not goin to matter baby
im in detroit
im here
ok
so what city u in thats around detroit baby?
why not...this doesnt make any sense?
yeah ok
bye
hello
im good and u?
ok
nope
sounds good
ok
just watchin tv
mtv
im here
i dont have much to say
it dont matter to me..think of somethin
i dont remember really
i dont know...im startin to feel like u too young to talk about the things i talk about
im a sexual person and i just dont feel like u ready for that yet
yeah u talk about it but u not ready to do it yet tho
do u think u ready?
tell me what u think u ready for?
have u ever watched a porno movie?
why not?
so do u know what to do?
so do u think your pussy and handle a dick?
just sayin u can doesnt mean u can
have u ever put your finger in your pussy?
then how do u know if u can handle a dick if u dont even know if u can handle a finger?
i think u should find that out first before u say u can handle a dick...u do know a dick is bigger than a finger right?
so r u goin to try that out first or not?
yeah u need to...u wanna know if i can get my dick in u right?
well u need to see what u can do with a finger first
well if u feel u ready for this then i have to make sure u really is ready
so when r u goin to give that a try?
as soon as possible
so when is it possible?
u have a bedroom to yourself right?
im here
ok
ok
about to tell u what to do when u in your bedroom
thats not what i meant...i was goin to continue the conversation we was havin before u left
well late at nite maybe when everybody is sleep too..start fingerin your pussy under the cover and see how far u can go inside of that hole and how bad does it hurt
didnt i just tell u that u need to find this out?
well if u find out that u cant even take your finger then how can u expect to take my dick?
so u need to find out what u can handle instead of just sayin u can
r u really ready for this?
u ready to be that big girl u know u is huh?
well this is somethin that the big girls do
yepp
fingerin a pussy is preparin it to be able to be fucked with a dick
well now u have a dick u wanna fuck right?
so now u just have to prepare that pussy for this dick right?
yeah it'll make it better...i want i to finger that pussy at least once every nite for about 5 mins ok
i wat u*
want
r u goin to do it or not?
u wont get caught...it'll be late at nite plus u will be under the covers
have u been lookin at my profile pic?
then give it a look right now
u lookin at it?
ok....thats what u need to prepare that pussy for
do u think u can handle suckin that dick right now?
where do u want that dick..in your mouth or in your pussy?
yeah thats right
ok
i dont know..tomorrow is my b-day and i probably wont be here
thank u....r u allowed to talk on the phone?
do u wanna give me a call tomorrow?
heres my # 313-445-6966
now u can give me a call and wish me a happy b-day
yepp....ok ttyl...take care and goodnite...and dont forget what i told u to tonite
hello baby
im good and u?
really
ok...so how is that leg comin along?
ok
yeah but u gettin better so thats good
ok
thats funny
nah
u might have some other kind of powers tho but who knows baby
u wont be able to fly by invisable maybe
but
what would u do if u could turn invisable?
hmmmmm...ok
probably sneak over your house everyday to give u some dick baby
that'll be ok with u right?
u wont get caught if i can turn invisible baby
its ok
did u play with that pussy like i asked u to?
come on now...r u a big girl or a lil girl?
so when r u goin to stop actin like u not a baby?
i mean stop bein scared all of the time and start takin some risks
u say u missed me but havent touched your pussy for me once
and i told u that u wont get caught
so r u goin to do it tonite or not?
u know i really want u to baby
ok....u my girl right?
thats right
so u know that pussy belongs to me too right baby?
so at anytime i wanna stick my hand in your panties to play with your pussy i can right?
good girl cause i want to
and if i tell u to come here and get on your knees and suck my dick what would u do?
dont worry i'll teach u and make u better at it
have u looked at my dick lately?
good girl...u wanted to see your man dick huh?
have u thought about suckin my dick?
why not?
u wanna suck your man dick right?
yeah i want u to and like i said i'll teach u if u not good
would u like to see my dick right now?
then ask to see my dick baby
just ask can u see my dick thats all baby
yepp
u like this big black dick?
i want u to suck this big dick
i wanna fuck your lil pussy with this big dick too
so r u goin to let me get this dick inside of your tight pussy?
can i fuck your tight lil asshole with this big dick too?
yepp
it will until u get used to it
its always goin to hurt a lil bit the first time...u have to get used to fuckin first
u wanna get used to fuckin this dick right?
would u like to be a lil slut for me?
i know...i just sad would u like to be a lil slut for me?
u know what a slut is?
a lil slut just fuck 1 guy and will do it anytime the guy ask her to
so say u my lil slut
yes that right and u dont have to keep askin me if its right ok lil slut
so your first dick is goin to be some big black dick huh lil slut?
all of your female friends will be jealous about that
that dont matter to u huh lil slut?
what if they asked u to share and if u dont they wont be your friend anymore?
so what would u do lil slut?
cause u goin to be the only lil slut for this big dick huh?
good girl
so u goin to take care of me and this dick so i wouldnt even think about cheatin on u huh lil slut?
ok so when can i have u start suckin this dick lil slut?
do i have to wait until your leg is all better?
do u get a ride to and from school?
hmmmm.....ok
im just askin cause i need u to start suckin this dick soon my lil slut
do u feel u ready to start suckin dick?
thats a good lil slut
u need to start fingerin that pussy for me tho lil slut
i know and u know why u have to start doin it right?
so your pussy hole will open up so then i'll be able to stick this big dick inside of u lil slut
i know u wanna feel this big black dick inside of u right lil slut?
good girl
well fingerin that pussy is goin to keep that out
if u finger that pussy every nite the hole will open up more and then u can start fuckin this big dick lil slut
say u want me to fuck u lil slut
yes but remember i told u to stop sayin like that lil slut
so u goin to be the best lil slut u can be for me right?
u feel like a big girl watchin me stroke this big dick lil slut?
thats good
cause i treat u like a big girl
u told anybody about me yet?
ok
ok....say u my good lil slut then u can go ok
good girl...i'll ttyl
bye my good lil slut
hello baby
im good and u?
ok
thats good baby
ok
ok
nope just shoveled the snow baby
yepp
ok
anything is ok with me
well did u do what i asked u to do yet?
tell me what happened
tell me about it baby
just tell me the details of what u did thats all
im here
but thats not tellin me details tho baby
sayin its was wierd is more like an opinion...it doesnt explian the steps u took tho
tell me exactly what u did thats all...from the time u started to how u dressed...everything baby
so r u goin to tell me?
ok
well what else?
ok
ok
well let me just ask u some questions since u cant think of the details im askin for
so around what time did u try doin that?
and what time was that....i wasnt there baby
ok
i have to get off of here now so we'll just talk about this the next time we talk ok
yeah just start gettin on here around 3pm baby
ok baby..ttyl
hello...u there?
hello
im good and u?
well i was workin on my comp but i got bored so i came online
cleanin it out so i can reinstall everything over again
something messed up on it and thats the only way i can fix it
yepp
its just a long process tho
anyway what have u been up to?
ok
have u been keepin up with what i told u to do?
did u get your finger in the hole?
how did it feel?
ok...did it hurt?
so why didnt u get your whole finger in that pussy hole?
its goin to feel different cause u never had that feelin before but u gotta do it tho
cause i wanna make sure that i can get my dick inside of u
do u think its possible to get my dick inside of u now?
i dont know cause u havent put your whole finger in there yet
u do want me to be able to get my dick inside of u right?
well thats why u need to finger that pussy for me
i know so baby
im here
well im wonderin if u goin to turn out to be a good lil slut for me
well i dont really know if u dont even finger your pussy everynite like i told u to do
i gotta get off of here now...so just do what i told u to do so i can know how good u goin to be for me ok
yeah..a friend of mine just came over here
ttyl and do what i said baby
hello baby
how r u doin?
im good
how is that leg comin along?
ok
nothin much really
what r u up to over there?
ok
yeah im sure it does....what grade r u in baby?
ok...i probably know all the answers to your homework then :-P
what subject do u have homework in?
yeah im sure i can do those
ok...have fun with that 1 baby :-P
im here
ok
so have u been doin the homework that i gave u baby?
how have u been doin with that?
have u got awhole finger in that hole yet?
so u got your finger all the way in that pussy huh?
and how did it feel?
did it hurt at all?
about how long did u do it?
u just put your finger in that pussy 1 time and stopped?
nah not really baby
u want to tell u how u have to do it?
u wanna know how u should be fingerin that pussy for me?
well before u start look at a clock to see what time it is cause what u need to do next u need to do it for at least 5 mins straight...once u get that finger in your pussy move it in and out...dont ever pull your finger all the way out..only pull it out after your 5 mins is over...while u fingerin that pussy keep tryin to go as deep as u can inside of that pussy...now thats how u do it the right way baby
yes 4 real
now u know so do it that way tonite ok
u can handle that right?
do your pussy be wett when u do that?
when u stick your finger in your pussy does it come out wett?
ok...thats a good thing baby
do u feel u ready for a dick to be inside of that pussy yet?
well lets see how well u do with what i just told u to do ok
have u been savin any money?
for that cam remember
about how much u got saved so far?
ok
im here
i would like for u to take a pic of your pussy for me
yes 4 real baby
so i can really see if your pussy is ready to handle some dick
yepp
so can u do that for me?
when u get a camera would u do it?
thats nothin like cyber at all
who have u talked to about cyberin cause it sounds like u dont have a clue about what cyberin is?
that explains why u dont really know what cyberin is baby
ok
yeah i should be dependin on how long u take
ok ttyl
hello baby
im good and u?
thats cool
nah nothin yet
how was school?
then u should start havin me come there and feed u some dick for lunch baby
u like the idea of suckin some dick between classes huh?
yeah u would be a good lil slut for me if u did that
so did u finger that pussy like i told u to?
u went in and out of that pussy for 5 mins?
yeah thats what i said to do...so how did it feel?
u got your whole finger in that pussy right?
good girl...how many times have u did it so far?
so u dont do it everynite?
u wont get caught...i told u
u gotta do what i tell u to do everynite my lil slut
u like the feelin of that finger bein in your pussy right?
when u took your finger out was your finger good and wett from your pussy?
how did u clean your finger off?
didnt u wipe your finger clean afterwards or did u just leave it wet and went to sleep?
ok next time suck it clean and tell me how it taste ok
yeah..u want me to lick your pussy someday right?
ok so do what i said and tell me how it taste before i lick your pussy my lil slut
well if i gotta taste it then u cant taste it too right?
u can taste it
well u want me to taste your pussy right?
then u have to tell me how it taste...thats how it goes lil slut
yeah be a good lil slut for me
that pussy didnt hurt when u was fingerin that pussy right?
ok then try 2 fingers next time lil slut
tell me u my good lil slut
good girl
lookin at ur pic and strokin my dick
when was the last time u lookin at my dick my lil slut?
u wanna see this dick right now lil slut?
ask to see this big black dick like i always tell u to do lil slut
ask me if u can see this big black dick lil slut
yes u can my lil slut
u should have your lil white ass over here suckin this big black dick lil slut
u do everything i tell u to do right lil slut?
cause u belong to me right?
thats right lil slut
so if u was here and i tell u to get naked what would u do my lil white slut?
what if i told u to do that and i had a friend over here too...what would u do then lil slut?
ok
ok
now back to what i was sayin....u just do what i tell u to do right lil slut?
so if i tell u to get naked even if i have a friend over what will u do my lil white slut?
thats right lil slut
and if i told u to come over and suck my dick with the other guy in the room too what would u do lil slut?
cause u my lil white slut right?
say u goin to be a good lil white slut for this big black dick
thats a good lil white slut
do u like the things im teachin u lil slut?
do u think about suckin this dick lil slut?
when u stick your finger in ur pussy do u wish it was my dick lil slut?
is my dick the only dick u ever seen?
ok
tell me how u goin to play with that pussy tonite my lil white slut
ok tell me what u goin to do...i wanna make sure u was payin attention to what i said lil slut
yes and what else lil slut
see i knew a lil dum slut like u might forget what i told u to do
get 2 fingers in that pussy right lil slut?
yeah i know u a lil dum white slut
do u remember what else i told u to do lil slut?
nope...what did i tell u to do after u pull those fingers out of ur pussy lil slut?
yeah u goin to do it right lil slut?
do it lil white slut and get used to it
u there?
ok
u need to see this dick somemore u naughty lil white slut?
say u my good naughty lil white slut
why havent u called me lil slut?
if i give it to u again will u use it?
when will u call me lil dum slut?
u cant use the phone no more tonite?
ok then make sure u call me tomorrow lil slut
313-445-6966
ok my lil white slut
who u goin to ask to speak to lil slut?
ok but what did i tell u to call me lil slut?
remember i told u to call me daddy u lil dum white slut
d mean daddy lil slut
i know but thats what u call me tho lil slut
u forget enough stuff already u lil dum slut...i'll let u know my name when u start rememberin the other things i tell u to do first ok
do u feel like u should be suckin my dick right now lil slut?
its your job to take care of this dick right lil slut?
and u my naughty lil white slut too right?
u a lil white slut for only big black dick right?
then say it my lil white slut
yeah thats good my lil white fuckin slut
r your parents around u lil slut?
they have no idea u bein a good lil slut right now huh?
but thats what u bein right now right?
u love bein my lil white slut?
and i own u and u do what i tell u to do right lil slut?
say that i own ur lil slutty white ass
u still watchin this big black dick u goin to be suckin and fuckin u dirty lil white slut?
yeah i cant wait until u get a camera so u can take some pics of ur tight lil pussy for me u lil white slut
i know so keep savin lil slut
u know what cumm is lil slut?
tell me what u think it is lil white slut
yeah thats right lil slut
where would u take my cumm lil slut?
if i was about to cumm would u want me to cumm in your pussy or in your mouth or on your face or somewhere on your body lil white slut?
so its my choice huh lil slut?
well u will get my cumm in all of those places and in your ass too my lil white slut
tell me to make this dick cumm on your slutty white face
say it lil white slut
im here
say what i told u to say real quickok lil slut
yes still call me whenever ur phone charge
say what i told u to say real quick ok lil slut
ok baby
thank u...u have a sweet voice baby
yeah
really
im here
no im not mad at u...u did what i told u to do
so tell me did u do what i told u to do last nite?
did u get 2 fingers in that pussy?
how did it feel?
u got those 2 fingers all the way in your pussy right?
and u went in and out of that pussy with those 2 fingers for 5 mins right?
yes thats right
and what did u do after u took those fingers out of your pussy?
did u taste it some lil slut?
so if u cant taste your own pussy then u must dont want me to taste your pussy right lil slut?
u suppose to do as ur told to do right lil slut?
yeah u know u did a bad thing dont u lil slut?
ok
will u do it the next time lil slut?
ok
im here
im just lookin for somethin thats all
my cd to install acrobat reader...remember i told u that i redid my computer
yeah its cleaned out now but now i have to reinstall some programs thats all
well im kinda done now...its just only a few small programs i need to put back on here thats all
what r u wearin over there my lil slut?
nice
i wish u had a digital camera at your house so u can tak some pics for me right now lil slut
ok..that wouldve been cool tho
thats good
what r u doin right now?
ok
yepp
hmmmmm...i want u to play with that pussy for me right now lil slut
so go ahead and pull those pants down my lil white slut
its not cyber now just do what i told u to do lil slut
im tryin to see if im goin to be able to fuck u so do what im tellin u to do lil slut
u want me to able to fuck u right lil slut?
so do as your told so i can see if i can lil slut
i know but its goin to give me a good idea if u ready or not tho my lil slut
dont u want me to spend the nite with u tonite lil slut?
then do as ur told cause u doin to get some dick tonite lil slut
u goin*
im not try to fuckin cyber with u im tryin to see if u can take those fingers how i want u to before i come over there lil slut
ya so do what im sayin right now...i wanna be able to ask u somethings while u doin it and this is the perfect time to see lil slut
its goin to be all real tonite but i gotta see if u really ready first my lil white slut
its not fuckin cyberin lil slut
im tryin to see if ur pussy is ready to take some dick
i wasnt talkin to u then tho...i wanna know if u doin it right and i might have u try somethin new too so i can make sure u can take some dick lil slut
take those pants off
u still have ur panties on?
take those off too lil slut
u wanna see me stroke my dick while u doin this lil slut?
ok
so do u wanna see my dick while u do what i say lil slut?
its not cyberin lil slut...how many times do i have to tell u that
ask if u can see this big black dick my lil white slut
u know its like that and yes u can my lil slut
ok touch that pussy right now lil slut
is it wett lil slut?
finger tthat hole lil slut
how does that feel lil slut?
u wish this big black dick was in that pussy instead of that finger lil slut?
put 2 fingers in that pussy now lil white slut
make sure u get both of those fingers in ur pussy as deep as possible lil slut
tell me how that feel lil slut
do it hurt lil slut?
thats what im tryin to see right now...it doesnt matter if its not real cause m just tryin to see how much ur pussy can take thats all lil slut
try 3 fingers now lil slut
u goin in and out of that pussy right?
good girl
r u takin those 3 fingers good lil slut?
and its not cyberin so stop sayin that shit lil slut
dont u see i have a big dick u lil fuckin slut?
and i told u that i'll be there tonite to make it real but i have to see if u can even take this dick first lil slut
every pussy cant take a dick this big so i have to find out first if u can take it
i'll be over tonite
it might be around 9 or 10
how does those 3 fingers feel lil slut?
the 3 fingers dont hurt u either?
ok...u have 1 more test to do lil slut
do u have a brush there with a nice round handle?
do u have anything there thats would be round like that?
can u look and see real quick
ok.....so u think u can handle this big dick lil slut?
im just askin u these things again cause its goin to happen thats all my lil slut
so u ready to be fucked for the first time lil slut?
well u want it real right lil slut?
u ready to finally suck this big black dick my lil white slut?
do u have a gown to wear?
a long dress u sleep in
ok do u have a skirt?
u have any kind of dress that u like?
well i get there i wanna see u in a dress or skirt so everything will go easy ok lil slut
when i*
i'll say wear the skirt lil slut
well wear 1 of them for me lil slut
i told u around 9 or 10 lil slut
i'll call u when im close by ok
nah u never told me that lil slut
well u just call me around 9 and i'll let u know where im at ok
do u have any tops that show your belly too lil slut?
well wear a good lookin top that match whatever skirt u goin to wear ok my lil white slut
say u my good lil dirty white slut
say u ready to take some big black hard dick
when u say ur parents will be back home?
ok
when u say ur parents will be back home?
ok so we have all nite and sunday mornin too then right?
ok..go get ready and i'll see u tonite my lil white slut
