hey so if I came to hartford today, you would......
i am going to be up around hartford just figured how nice it would be to woo you and introduce you to the white man dingo warrior lol
im actually 24 why?
i bet my next paycheck though by the end of the day you wont care anything about age
so lets meet if you like me by alls means ill impress you something serious. Hows that sound
yes im serious if you want it you have the opportunity to have it
or you can kick rocks with your gfs and talk about how nice itd be to get some
ill let you do all the decision making in case you dont like me. If you do i have somewhere we can go if youd like. Do you have a cell?
how far are you from the square in hartford?
Hey whats up its jared 
From meetme silly. So can u walk to the square? What r your parents going to say? 
Its up to u lol what do u need? 
Geesh i was busy your not a virgin are you? 
I got somewhere we can go u just have to promise me your moms cool with u being gone 
Just an hour or two just tell her your going over to a friends ok 
Idk lol make out sound good? 
? 
You can have the white man dingo warrior to lol 
That im a god of love making i think lol im headed your way and will be there in 30 min or so k 
Ask then duh 
Your going to a friends and will be back in an hour or two 
No i live in dothan remember? Im only going to drop something off at my inlaws 
Your going swiming k 
It is when your working two jobs 
Just come on we wont be gone long and no im never coming again just dont know when the next time i can will be 
How am i acting like a jerk? 
Do u want to hang out or are u playing games? Bc it went from sounding like u could hang out to your mom will never let u leave real quick 
So u cant go anywhere at all? 
Ok lets make plans for tomorrow then hows that sound? 
Your so going to get me into trouble 
You know we are going to do it lol thats not trouble but will lead to it 
I wont but u better make it worth every min 
By not being so tight i cant get it in lol 
Lol your pussy duh 
Sounds like u mite be the police to me 
Youll just have to find that out wont u? 
How many guys have u been with that were over 18? 
What do u let most guys put in there lmao? 
Your kidding me? Just one guy? You are erasing your msgs in case your mom gets your phone rite 
No its good. Do u want to do it? 
No i dont have a gf bc im to busy most of the time but im not busy enough to get laid which i havent done in 2 months. 
Have u ever given head before? 
Swallow? 
Is it good to the last drop? 
Would u like to do that? 
No i said would u like to do that? 
Uggh do u have skype? 
What would it take for u to get it? 
You can still watch get it for me 
Thatll work lol im about to be home. Whats your yahoo? 
You dont want to watch me on cam? 
Your just suddenly leaving huh? 
Later tonite? You cant do it on your phone? 
You have to have a password to download apps? Lmao i didnt even know that. 
Ill be home in a min do u want me to cum for you? 
I have a flip phone with no data plan lol 
Im home 
Uggh how long are u going to be at grannys? 
Why? 
Settle down so out of all the guys on meetme why hookup with me? 
We have talked before and i wanted you but it just never happened you couldnt i dont think. Your hot and prob tight and tight is good 
Lol yes u did 
Check ur msgs. 
Geesh we could have been done on yahoo already 
Whats up 
Thought u were going to text me when u got back. 
Im holding my cum while u cock block lol 
Really? 
you want this cock baby
you want to watch me jack off?
'you like my big hard cock baby
how do you want me to stroke it?
you want this cum dont you
you think you can handle that
you want this cum baby
?
you going to take it tomorrow?
do whatever you want with it
whatever makes u feel good
sound good
you ready baby
would you rather have it in your pussy or in your mouth
both
did you like that
did you like that
so what street in hartford do you live on?
So how bout around 2 tomorrow will that work? 
Do u have facebook? 
Whats ur fbook? 
Ok babe i understand 
Wear that pink shirt for me tomorrow 
And if u take adderal or have any pain meds bring them to 
No cough syrup? Any of that lol 
Im going to ruin u tomorrow lol goodnight 
Yea! Lol ive been trying to get some work done 
How bout the side of the gas station 
Meet me at the gas station at 130 
The gas station works better. Your going to have to trust me if u dont want to get in trouble 
Not far just dont worry about it lol 
Are u excited? 
Just trust me and do what i tell u and youll have nothing to worry about 
What do u mean? 
No wtf? Are we going camping lol 
Ill be there in 30 min ok 
Ive got a white camry but lets make it between 2-230 ive got to run to my job and pick some paper work up before i leave ok 
And yeah wear that pink shirt 
Im coming baby i have to do the payroll for our landscaping business before 4pm 
215 exactly 
Im leaving work now k should be there in 30 min 
Pink shirt? 
Do u have jeans or shorts on? 
Are u walking to the gas station? 
Ill be there in 15 min i was just wondering how u were geting up there? Are u walking 
Ok go ahead and leave ok 
Ok 
Are u there yet 
Almost 
K 
