hello
hey,you get my message?
well all actually
I hope that you undertsna dwhy I didnt make it and I am sorry the cops fucked with you.
I just hope that you will still meet with me
I know but I had no way to call you about my kid being here and all
I sorry
no?
how about you getting out at night time I pick you up?
the picture on your profile how old is it?
do you have another picture?
you look like your only 13 in it and that can get me in trouble-know what I mean?
how old are you?
Cat?
wow1 you be a young 1
no,but it was on my mind since we started chatting
you havent told any one have you?
friends
wow!a threesome?
bummer! just kiddin
you drink or smoke pot or anything?
what 
?
smoke pot?
drink?
snort?
are you expected home right after school or would it be easier for you to go out at night to meet me?
I can or maybe some green
then how about this friday I pick you up and we can kick it in a friends rv since he gave me a key to it
and that way we can be alone and indoors
in a mobile home park on 10th.Its parked in the back of the place with all curtains drawn shut
no cops go through there so it will be all good and no worries of getting busted
yes,private so I can eat your pussy real good and then fuck you 
sound good?
fucking aye your getting my dick hard all ready just thinking of eating you
I know 
just my luck
my son would be sick and have no other place to stay while mom worked
were you alone?
just kicking it?
fucked up
sorry again
but this will work out for the better now
since we have a private place to go
yes,I promise
I have a few weeks off since my boss/friend just moved to Mercede
he is taking time off work to get settled so I have a few weeks off
well,this is no bullshit,ok?
I work with 1 of GunsN'Roses and Metallicas sound techinicians doing home theatre systems
if you go pick up Use Your Illusion 1 & 2 theres a picture inside the sleeve of my friend standing by the drum kit
we go all over the are and put in home stereos for people-each stereo starts at about $2000 and up
so they rock
do all the work for Bose here at the outlets too
not cheap sweet heart
what are you listening now?any stereo at all?
home stereo or boom box?
I have 1 you I will give you friday.What time friday will you be free to leave?
so I know what time to pick you up?
10 pm-11pm?
and how long can you stay out?
cool
hey,I need to go someone here
I will be back at 9pm
will you be here?
see you then sweety
bye for now
hello
a little late but I am here
so what are you up to?
just surfing the net?
any one on it good/
?
so tell me what do you like doing for fun?
I figured that much 
you ever hooked up with anybody from the net before?
many people?Your going to be the 2nd one I have met
some bi sexual chick from Santa Cruz about 3 years ogo
when we first got together we just jumped straight into bed and were only fuck buddies for about 1 and a half years
she was all right-had real long hair that went past her ass when we first met 
being just fuck buddies and her living out in Santa Cruz wasnt a reralationship that was ment to last long.Out of the bed we were tottally different people
both who just wanted a sex partner
yes,I did.But I didnt mind it since I like to drive
about 2 years younger than me
but when we met she told me that she wanted to have her first bi sexual reralationship soon and that things with us werent going to last forever which I all ready knew
that would be an ex Brenda from Morgan Hill who I was with before I met the girl in Santa Cruz
10 and will be 11 in April
Brendas cool about things with him.She lets him come over anytime
that sucks.You have any brothers or sisters?
at least you have her to talk to when things around there with your mom and dad are 
not going good
but when he calls or comes over they fight?
they arent physically abusive are they toward you?
probably she just has a lot on her mind being a single parent
thats allways fun
were do you usually hang out-friends or in town?
huh/
?
tats wat I thunk u sed
now this plan of ours
right,friday night but you allowing me to eat your pussy and all right when we first get together
are you a virgin?
been with an older man around my age before?
have you ever had someone eat you before?
and when we are together your absolutely sure that your not going to trip out when I just get down on my knees and stick my head between your legs-even if it happens unexpectedly?
you like that idea do you?
what else do you think is hot that you may like to have happen?
you been tied up and fucked before?
what do you think of the idea?
what about 69?
you suck dick before?
tasted cum?
ever had your tits fucked and cum shot all over you?
really?it looks like you have a nice set of tits
ever tried annal sex?
not yet-so that tells me your pretty open minded about things when it comes to sex
I might just get a hotel room for friday night 
yes,I will
but want to fuck you without one on and just pull it out and come on your belly
not that way
they do it all the time like thatin xx rated flicks
come on you not in you
you like em/
?
thats how they keep from getting pregnant
nope but I wiould like to make one with you
sure-you want to ?I can bring a camera
we can just set it up on a dresser pointing at the bed 
yeah,if its cool with you
will you finger your self so I can watch?
yes,while sitting in a chair with a leg over each arm rest so I can see everything
right on
you like being called names while fucking?
I dont know some chicks like being called a slut or whore bitch all kinds of things
its not anythings special
I would rather b talking about how I much I am enjoying being up your tight cunt
I will remember that then
dont think I have ever been called anything but a fucker and thats while I was diong it
as in "oh,you fucker harder"
"Oh,you fucker stick it in deeper"
yes but mainly fat
you dont get sore after a short period of sex do you?
most likely
you asked if I am going to hurt you
no,I am not just going to bend you over and ram it in
I will be fingering you while I am licking and nibbling on your clit
what do you like/
?
what do you want name it and you will have it
and coke?
no problem
you smoke cigs?
theres a lot of things your not supposed to do but we will do em anyways 
can you hang on a sec someones here and I need to get rid of em
brb
back
they only wnated to borrow a cd
what can you bring?
that would be a nice touch.Have any baby oil? but mainly just bring yourself and wear that mini skirt with no panties
but you have the skirt right?
a top might be cool since you might get in trouble going out with just a skirt on 
just bring yourself baby girl
thats all that matters
then everything will be just fine
something I want to ask
has anyone ever just walked up and started having sex with you right away?
kinda like what I want to do
I guess that the idea turns you on then
I am probably going to get things going with you on our way to the hotel room
I will most likely reach over and start fingering you
yes,while we are traveling to the hotel
well the rv is most likely going to be a back up place to go
I will probably get a room at motel6
dont need to
they are never that crowded
I am going to ask for 1 with 2 beds
so as far as they know your my kid and we are spending the night and sleeping seperately
you want to ?
well see
how are you wearing your hair is in a pony tail or still like in the pic?
pony tail it 
I can get an easier grip on it like that
yes,I do drive myself in deep and hard
have a favorite position?
so you probably like it flat on your stomache too
ever done it while spooning?
thats my favorite 
just thought of something for you to bring
if you feel that you want to be tied up wear some pant hose/nylons
if not thats fine too
you dont have any plans for saturday do you?
good because when I am through with you friday night
saturday morning your going to be walking funny
lol
just so you know
I have asked you alot of questions here any thing you want to ask me?
anything at all?
roommates who will be here
they would trip hard once they realize we arent just playing cards in my room
I wish
but they pay rent to and have every right to be here
2
yes
sending you a file picture
let me know when you look at it
told you I have a fat head
stretch you out a little is all
the fact that you have a hot body and are real sexy I like the most
and that turns me on-major
catch myself looking at them all the time and I have to remind myself that they are young
I like the petite sexy figures
God no
never wpould
I am still having a hard time getting used to the fact I am going to be with you
you get far with him?
and what is it about older guys that you like?
maturaty-sexual experience?
or the fact that they fuck you hard like you want it
k
understandable since your sexy they are intimadated and afraid they arent good enough
alot of guys think that a sexy girl like you is maybe stuck up and wouldnt even like being around most boys
feel like they arent good enough
that you would want some dude who could model for some mag
that all make sense?
good
you ever been in trouble with the law before?
is that all cause you said that the cops threatened you with juvy
thats nothing
now I dont wnat to go to jail for sex with a minor so give me a YES or No answer ok? are you working for or affiliated with any sort of law enfocement?
just checking
now you asked about me and my record with the law and I have to be honest here
or can I lie?
never mind
I will tell the trueth
yes,I have been in trouble with the law before.Now remember I am now 34 (my bday was last friday) the only time my WHOLE life I got in trouble with the law was about 3 years ago
busted for growing pot
no,it not.But I wasnt going to lie
Liers and thieves the 2 kinds of people I hate
so you will find that I am an honest person
good
I dont either no reason to lie about anything really1 more thing I got in trouble with too
when they found my pot plants they found a small pipe bomb that I was going to put in someones mailbox
they just put me on probation for 3 years no jail time since I had no prior record of breaking the law
yeah,it sure was
specially since with new laws in California make it manditory for someone growing even 1 plant to do 1 year in jail
no,we couldnt
and that would suck
well,I must admit that I didnt do time right away for my crime but I did do some later 
you see once on probation someone came to my house every now and then to check things out and to make sure I wasnt growing pot again
and when my probation officer got here and started searching clothes in my closet she found an old pot pipe
and violated my probation wich got me thrown in jail for 6 months
yes
will be for another year
of course I will
neighbor has friend with huge barn full of GREEN BUDD.He sells it all to pot clubs in San Fransico stuff like Orange Crush,Blueberry
yes,but now I have a cool probation officer he only tests for powders,acid,pcp,heroine
which I cant figure out since I didnt get in trouble with any of those kind of things
damn-I have to be honest here.No,every now and then a little speed
doing speed?
we can do all kinds of it if it makes you wet 
fuck only friday would like to make it something we do on a regular basis
I am a horn dog-all ways horny
no promises what I will get you right now.But I will bring something
if you have a choice between alcohol and pot what would you choose?
I know tough question
ok
were do you go to school at?
I know silly
but what school?
at 13?
thought you would be in junior high
sorry
14
I guess that right high school at 14
nevermind
what do you do take the bus home?
ride with a friend?
were is it you are going to want me to pick you up at on friday?
nope
were?
is it near LongMeadow?
like maybe Mantelli?
find out tomorow like you said and let me know
thats ok
not to change the subject too much but when you tried speed did you snort it or smoke it?
if its on Calle del ray I will find it
didnt know about it or what?
thats not cool
most chicks I know get wet and horny from it
could have been
trying to get in your pants
cant wait to see you
luckily friday isnt too far
but hey baby girl its getting late and I have some things I need to do around here
ok-chat with you again soon I hope
I am usually on at 9pm
talk to you soon
goodnight
bye
