hi
how are u doing?
are u really only 13? 
im doing good
well i am 32, do u mind, or do u like older guys? 
caue i love girls your age 
thats good
so what is your name im kevin
thats good cause i love girls your age 
id date as young as 10
nice to meet u kendra, gives u a hug n kiss >:D<:-* 
yeah i would
age is just a number to me 
so what do ulook like?
oh let me go look then
dou mind that im chubby? 
kay thats good
your cute
your welcome
i wish u were here with me 
i would love to cuddle with you andgive u kisses and maybe more 
u seem like a very sweet person
and im very attracted to you
your welcome
would u be offended if i asked you what u are wearing right now? 
cool wish i could see that 
im in shorts only
can i ask chest size? 
if you wanted i guess
cool then if i was there, id probably suck on them  
yeah and id show u my hard penis 
then if u wanted u could rub it and maybe suck it for me 
yes u wanna suck me? 
that is fine
could i finger and lick your pussy and clit? 
yes but only if u want to go that far with me beatiful, cause i luv ya 
its up to you sexy
dou want to loose yoru virginity too?
or just touching? 
its all up to you
yes i mean in person honey
its cool
>:D<:-*
yes i would be gentle cause my penis is not very big 
im only 4\" when hard 
do u like that?
okay thank you
so would u like to be my girlfriend? 
okay kendra me and you are now boyfriend and girlfriend then, we are a coupule 
kevin and kendra
i like how that sounds together
put what there?
no i was sayign i like how kevin and kendra sound together when i say it 
no sorry i dont have that version of yahoo
did u see my pic on my profile?
no i havent sent anything to you yet
all i sent was the invite to have your name on my friends list
and your there now
i wish u were here with me
where abouts are u located at in wa?
ic im up in blaine wa 
its by the canadian border 
u ever heard of the santa train?
what about the birch bay waterslide park?
oh okay those are both near me
so do u like french kissing my new love? 
cool cause i love doing that
do u like holding  hands?
good, so are u going to keep our relationship a secret, or are u going to tell yoru friends? 
well if u told them, would they go and tell anyone else, like your parents? 
k good cause dont want me to get arrested right? 
yeah cause then id never get the chance to ever meet you in person 
someday i want to meet u yes 
your pic turns me on, i can see that you have a nice tight butt in those jeans 
yoru very welcome
do u like to wear tight jeans alot? 
u ever wear skirts?
if i saw you ina  skirt, id be like totally hot and bothered 
lol
just like i am now
do u wear panties or thongs? 
thats cool
sorry hope im not being too dirty by saying i am hard right now and that i got naked 
sorry hope thats not offensive
i know u said u dont cyber 
so do u mind that i got naked? 
okay are u goign to dream about me tonight?
me too what  happens if u get turned on?
i wish i could kiss u right now 
can i ask a somewhat personal sexual question? 
okay have u ever masturbated while laying in yoru bed? 
nice u should do that now 
go for it i am strokign myself my love 
thinking about you
sorry i know im a bad boy 
i luv ya kendra
okay wish i was joining you 
are u goign to go rub yourself in your bed? 
okay i wil miss you lots
will u miss me too
sweetdreams kendra my new gf, hope to see you online again soon 
email me lots please 
i come online everynite
do u come online everynite? 
me too normally after 11pm 
nite honey i will miss u sexy
your my hot sexy beauty queen 
and my girlfriend and i lveyou lots
loveyou always
hello my love
did u miss me?
i missed u too
>:D<:-*
how was your nite, did u have any dreams about the 2 of us together? 
yes i dont mind
i love you sweetheart 
so how u been?
i know did u get any snow?
ready for me to tell u how much snow i have?
okay i have about 14\" 
yes it is, i had to shovel the car out so that dad could go to work
yeah wish u were here then we could cuddle and keep each other warm 
what u wearing tonight?
same as last nite huh?
:-*:-*
thats cool, so do u wear a bra during the day? 
do u take it off at nite? 
nice so right now its off?
oh sexy
if u were here, id probably put my hand up your shirt 
i know sweetie, wish we lived closer, then id have u sneak out your room 
what kinda underwear u wear?
oh nice u ever wear thongs? 
thats right, do u want some? 
ic id buy you some if i could find a way to visit you 
well i dont have a car, so i would have to take a bus 
well i hvae a few around me, what about over there? 
does greyhound go to poulsbo?
ok love'
u still looking love?
from bellingham or blaine
damn how close would i be able to get?
i dont know where id catch a ferry from
thats along ways from me i think
umm i think from like anacortes it hink
think
but that takes along time
okay
where does that leave from?
i dont know how i could do that, cause it woudl take me 2hrs just to get to the ferry terminal
i know im sorry, we will figure it out k
i luv ya lots 
how bad do u want me? 
thats good to know
actually right now im not working, i am going to college 
yeah im studying accounting 
at the community college up here
yeah its fun, got a few years left then i might be moving to seattle 
that woudl be closer to you huh?
does that make u happy?
u just watched the announcement on tv huh
ic, on what news site?
thats cool did u have class this today?
oh like 1 or 2hrs?
ic let me guess u didnt finish your homework?
do u put off your homework til the last minute? 
i do even now in college i do
yes im a bad boy, wanna spank me? 
do u like kinky things/ 
like spanking, beign tied up 
ic
i want u here with me so bad
wish u had a camera 
yeah if u had a webcam would u get naked on it? 
oh dont want her to catch you huh
well right now my parents are in bed 
not at this time, and i dont want them to catch me talkign to someone your age 
u get the point?
dont want me in trouble 
i am trying to get a cell phone soon 
yeah if i had a cell phone, woudl u do phone sex?
its cool u just want to hear my voicehuh
do u have a mic?
but u could hear my voice though right?
oh shes that close to you right now huh?
oh your in her room?
oh u dont have a computer in your room huh?
too bad, is it cause they dont trust you?
oh okay
u should ask for your own computer 
maybe she can rent one
so u got it in her room, or in the living room now?
oh is it a laptop?
oh okay, but your mom has the door open to the bedroom?
too bad, do u hae to get off when they go to bed?
maybe u can listen to me when they go to bed then
oh dont u live with dad too? 
omg sorry i didnt know
i feel bad now sorry
how long ago did that happen?
can i ask what he died from?
ic, was it his fault or the other persons?
sorrry i know its a tough subject huh
let me guesss a drunk?
oic
so do u think your mom woudl get upset if she knew you were dating a guy my age? 
u think shed find otu where i live and have me arrested? 
okay
how much u luv me?
thats good
have u masturbated in your bed yet thinking aboutme? 
u should try it, u should print out my profile pic 
but u never done real thing yet though
your a virgin right?
are u ready for the real thing honey?
cause i want to get naked and have sex with you 
yes it would, i want to be your first guy 
cause i care about u alot 
i have thought about u constantly since we talked 
your smiling more since u met me?
thats good
are u thinkign about telling yoru friends you have a bf? 
oh they are like that huh
ic
trying to keeep me safe huh 
thank you for considering that my love 
i bet youd hate to see me in jail huh 
cause then u wouldnt be able to visit me there eithier
the judge woudl slap a restraining order against me seeing you 
if i was able to get there by ferry, where woudl we hang out at?
how could we hang at your house, waht about your mom?
ic, or woudl u fool around outdoors too?
i know but id warm u up fast my love 
your my sweetheart, dont ever forget that k
your great
you make me so happpy and im glad to call u my gf 
i am about ready to cum right now honey 
do u like that?
i know be better if u were here so you coudl taste it 
:-*
oh are u falling asleep on me love? 
okay goodnite sweetie, talk to u this same time tomorrow nite 
lov eyou always
email me soon please 
hi you ronline early
really that sucks im sorry, wish i was there
thats about 3hrs away why?
well maybe about 2hrs 
sorry
why u ask love?
that woudl be cool, but when were u thinking, maybe this summer time? 
like when?
ic but im broke love 
so i dont have money for the greyhound 
can u help me get the money for the trip? 
can u ask for some? 
damn i dont know how then
maybe a friend of yours could help 
otherwise i dont think id have money til the summer when im off of school 
not right now mom and dad are home
nope cause they are on a fixed income they are retired 
i already owe them over 5000 dollars sweetie 
i know it sucks, not having a car
yeah right i dont have a license either love 
im sorry love, i want to see u so bad
i lost my license along time ago, i was a badboy when i was your age love 
well i hve beeen to jail a few times in my life 
for exposing myself in public places, like playgrounds, school and to kids playing in the park 
do u think thats gross? 
or is it a turn on? 
what woudl u do if i would have done that to u on a playground? 
would u have done what the girls that saw me did 
they went and told ther parents, one girl ran into the house and her dad came running after me 
yeah and he tackled me after he caught up with me 
yeah another girl was playing on the trampoline in her yard and i got turned on and i was across the street in a parking lot and i started jerking off to her 
and she ran and called the cops, and i ran too, but got stopped by the police 
yeap and i have had to do sex offender treatment too 
yes i have
yeah so i hope i dont scare u away by telling u that i like being nude all the time 
okay good, i do get turend on easy by girls yoru age too 
maybe we can have a threesome with another girlfriend your age too 
nope cause my crime is a misdeamenor crime, not a felony, unless u do it more then 3 times which i have alot 
so i have a felony, but its a non registerable offense 
i know or else i couldnt leave the county i live in 
now if i got caugth doing anythign dirty with you, id get a felony for sure then 
no i mean if i had a registerable offense, id have to notify them of all moves or about leaving my area 
okay good or else id get a felony charge of child rape or child molestation 
nope then id never be able to see you or phone you, or write you
yeah not good huh sweetie
that would mean the end of our relationship for sure 
sure woudl be my love
i cant get u out of my mind i printed out your pic 
u should print out mine 
u keep it in your schoolbooks love
oh drats, well there has got to be a place to hide a picture of me printed out love 
do u look at it everytime u log on? 
even when im not here huh?
did u click on the picture and save it to a disc?
on a floppy or a cd? 
thats cool what if your mom goes on the computer and sees it? 
oh and she dont have the password to it?
well thats good, what would se do if she sawu hada copy of my pic, would she ask who it was? 
okay your smart my love
I LOVEYOU SEXY!!!!! 
hey do u have any other pics, besides the one on your profile? 
really can u email them to me then please
smileman74@yahoo.com, send me all u have of you okay my love 
please
cause i have the older version of yahoo messanger
please try okay send them as attachments on the email 
just click on attach file, then go find where u have your pics saved, and do 1 at a time 
what way?
or u can also put them in your yahoo photo album page on your profile 
k so thats the one of you beside a tree, how many more ugot? 
it only does one my love 
do u know how to make a yahoo photo album?
damn okay
please try to put them as attachments on a yahoo mail too for me love 
okay well after u send to me, then u can delete it, by going to sent items 
im sorry my love, i hope its okay 
i will make up for it somehow
really why is it not okay?
oic but your doing it for me my love :(
will you someday cutie 
does your voice sound young? 
i mean do u think it sounds like your 18, or like a girl? 
well i just dont want my parents to ask me questions either, maybe later tonight k
or like tomorrow morning 
can u get away with calling me while she is home?
okay have u seeen reports yet as to if your schools aer closed yet? 
okay i cross my fingers, or else u could call after school
i like that skirt you are wearing in those 2 pics u sent me 
if i was with u  when u were wearing that, id have my hand up it 
i know someday soon, i wil work on it k
im not sure love
plus how can i get away with it, without my mom and dad asking me questions 
they want to know when i go places 
they woudl get suspicoius and they want phone numbers 
no my mom worries too much about me cause of me goign to jail in the past, she thinks im going to do something stupid
mom thinks im going to go do something to land me in jail is why honey 
i know it sucks, when im the youngest in the family 
im sorry im makign this difficult i will figure out somethign evidually k, just be patient with me
im trying to move out by the summer too 
and working to get the cell phone too 
tickle tickle tickle 
hehehee, just cause i felt like ticklign you love 
i am very ticklish myself 
oops should i have told u that secret, me and my big mouth!!!!! 
tickling me is like torture
so what uwearing right now love?
thats cool any panties or bra on?
u should take the bra off love 
why your at home, u should be relaxed
oh would your nipples show through the sweatshirt?
i bet it would if u wre wearing a tee shirt huh
so do u like swimming?
me too i love it
do u wear a one or two piece?
on what?
really thats cool, so u must be real good then
so if u were going to go swimming for fun at a beach or pool, would u wear a bikini?
ic my love
so did u dream about me?
i did cutie
im hard right now love 
wish u could see it
wish u could come here to seee me instead love, like all the way up here 
we coudl sneak off to the woods or something
i know but its also a matter of time, i go to school full time my love
thats why i said it might not happen until summertime 
i hope u can wait that long for me honeybuns
yes u can honey, it not that long to wait sweetheart 
:-* dont be sad
its not that far away 
my parents leave for long beach in august, so u could call me daily during that time 
just be patient okay my love
yes i know it seems like a long time, but i will make it worth the time k 
promise me u will wait for me
love you so much beautiful
:-*:-* gives u some kisses
do i get any back?
aww why not give me a few online? 
awww ic teasing me huh?
:-*:-*
i have to go for now, will u be online at 11pm tonight?
sorry i got booted
like tomorrow afternoon or morning, would that work if u dont have to go to school?
sounds good, try to be online between 11 and 11:30 tonight k
okay i hope so, and if not i will leave u my number k
your the best my love
yeap im glad u said yes to being my gf, your a sweetheart
oh i have to ask you, are a u christian? 
are you
cause i go to church every weekend 
why not all year round? 
what type of church u go to?
really have u grown up catholic?
thats cool u should get her to take u on sundays 
yeah cause church is a good thing 
do your read yoru bible daily? 
and do u pray a few times a day too?
sure but try to commit to praying at least once a day like maybe in the morning 
okay sweeite, sorry im being a preacher boy 
bye for now beautiful, love you and miss u lots
yeap im goign to go take a shower, wish u were joining me in it
lol
could fool arodn in the shower 
think about me being naked in my shower okay my love
bye for now :-*:-P french kisses you
sorry i missed u tonight, i was doign a test online that took over 3hrs to do.
talk to tomorrow sometime, im sure u went to bed already, i loveyou
really im sorry love, brb okay, almost done with my test k
wait dont go, just 5 more mins please love
is school cancelled?
oh damn that sucks then, and u dont want to call when shes around huh?
okay just wait for a couple more mins please i promise im almost done
okay i love you honey
wish u wre here
i love you honey
here is my number:
its 360-371-4563, dont call before 10am or no later then 5pm k, hope mom can leave so u can call me 
kisses and hugs you
are u the one that said whats up gmoney?
oh okay someone called and was messing with us by saying whats up gmoney
well u have to start talking after the beep or we dont pick up
its my dads voice, saying we are unable to take your call, please leave your name and number after the beep
okay seee we dont pick up unless someone says hi
yes as long as u sound older then what u are
do u have a mature voice? 
oic
what time did u call
okay yeah just say hello is kevin there
if they ask i will tell them your a freind from school
well right now we are getting ready for dinner
maybe at around 7:30, would that work?
okay that should work then
if the phone doesnt go to machine that means mom or dad is online k
i luv ya
we can only be on the phone for about 15mins though okay
so how long will we talk for, how about 10mins?
okay sweetheart, just go to your room
oh drats, i hope that dont happen, cause i want to hear from you
loveyou lots honey
wish u could be here
what u doing rest of today?
awww how sweet
are u and your mom real close?
what u wearing babe?
oh very sexy, wish i could see a pic of that
i know i wish u did and i wish i had one too, id get naked for you on mine if u had one 
no you wouldnt not if u only did it for a couple of mins
u could always put a blanket over you then drip the blanket for a minute if u had the camera 
too bad me either
i bet youd love to see me naked on cam huh?
yeah that woudl be hot
if u had one u could show me your pussy
do u have hair down there yet?
ic, and your pussy is very tight huh?
sorry guess i got booted
how tight are u mylove?
well put a finger there and find out
awww bummer
okay well i have to go, call me at around 7:15 k
bye for now sweetheart, do u hae schooltomorrow yet?
i see, are u supposeed to get more?
has it started yet?
yes is it snowing there yet/
do u hope u get to stay home agian?
u want to go huh
how many days u missed so far?
wow so bascially all week long then huh
so u havent gone since last week then?
ic, but 3 days this week because of snow right?
that sucks huh
i thikn its goign to be closed all week though
okay
oh u want to see your goat huh?
when did u see yoru goat last?
ic
okay its finding it out now
nothing, it just took me to the home websit
i fillled out the survey and then clicked on submit
then it took me to the  website
wait hold on it was just loading it slowly
i will try it again k
then be patient and wait
im a pecan
is that a match then?
how do u know if its a match?
oh u asked her about it?
oh so he was a pecan and she was a almond?
awesome my love
do me a favor?
can u send me that link in an email to me please
so that i can retrieve it later on
no sorry the computer wont let me 
im not sure
okay thanks
k gtg for now
bye talk to u at 7:15 k
later my love, i  have to go make a salad
really im sorry, dad was using the computer
and then the phone was ringing off the hook with some of my other friends
it sucks not having a cell phone
in a moment, let me check on somethign real quick k
trying to see if i have school tomorrow morning
i go to the local community college up here, was checking out the website but nothign posted yet
no only light snow, what about where u live?
oh really how much u get?
oh so u think your staying home again?
its supposed to warm up by the morning
so will have to listen to radio in teh morning
yes give me about 2mins to log offf k
so i will log off now, i have dail up
talk to u on the phone in 2mins sweetheart
whats my number so i can make sure uhave it correct?
type in my number so i can make sure u have it correct k
yes thats correct, okay i am logging off now, give me 2mins sweetie
bye for now
thanks for the call even though it was short
its okay i understand love
im watching the news rightnow, what school district are you?
k
nope dont see it on q13 fox yet
i luv ya honey
:-*
your voice is very sexy
your very welcome,
what did u think of mine cutie?
thank you very much 
so did your mom come into your room then?
oh that sucks
did my voice turn u on? 
thats good love
wish u could call back right now, but mom and dad went to bed, and they dont like calls after they go to sleep :(
oh mom would find out huh
when is she going to bed?
oh okay so earlier u snuck it out when she wasnt in her room huh?
oh so when uhad to go, she was lookign for the phone?
ic, did she wonder who u were talking to ?
whos sammi?
nice is she bi? 
oh darn, are u bi? 
oh okay just thought id ask you
so are u still in your pjs?
cool did u take yoru bra off yet
oh thats hot, wish i could see that
so where u doing anything while we were on the phone?
i was
i had my sweatpants off
what u think of that?
thats right i forgot your not into that huh 
its okay sweetie, u only into the real thing huh
okay
so did u save my pic to your disc?
nice, so are u going to look at it daily now?
cool
i look at your pics daily too
and i will dream about u too
so what time u goign to bed tonight sweetheart?
cool wish u were going to join me in my bed
i know and have fun right?
its not the money right now, its cause i have college 
only 2 weeks, but then i have to go to work during my christmas break
then im going out of town too
i go to oregon for the break
so please forgive me, we wil get together sometime
might take time like maybe summer
just be patient okay my love
yeah but i have plans with my parents to go to oregon for winter break, 
so i wont be available til like spring break maybe
im sorry, if i would have met u a few months ago it might be diffrent, but i havent seen this brother of mine for like 4years now
so i made plans to spend my break with him
well cause i was in jail up til like 2years ago, and he invited me down tehre this year for xmas break 
yeah so please forgive me okay sweetheart
we will keep in contact until then k
maybe i will get a prepaid cell phone from cingular by new years 
like when i get my next money from my student loan im thinking about buying a cell phone if i have enough money left from it sweetie
not right now sweetheart, just be patient with me k
im sorry honey, its just not going to happen, ihave to go to school and take this trip too
:( yes i know it sucks sweetie
trust me i will make it worth the wait
or do u have other guys that might hit on you at school?
i dont know about how u feel about me, but i am developing very strong feelings for you sexy 
ic have to play it by how it feels to be in my arms huh
well there is one thing i can tell u about that moment love
i am going to spoil u with lots of kisses and hugs, and im going to give u lots of romance too 
and treat u like a beauty queen
and im going to make u cum
cause of my prior commitment sweetheart
im sorrry my love
if i had a car it woudl be different, and if i had money for hotel roomtoo
yes it would be, then u could sneak into the hotel room with me
:-*:-*
quess what my love?
no sorry
what i was going to say is that im naked
i now sorry
you hate it huh
sorry then
like i said 11 bucks is not the problem i have that, its that i have no time love 
i know but i cant cancel the plans with my brother
i go to church with my parents and work too
i work at my church and for dairy queen
yeah i volunteer at my church doing gretting, tech team and sometimes work with the kids 
well i help put up music on the screen at church, and i greeet people, and when i work in the back i do the lights, sound, and video for a program called kids rock 
yeah they really get into the music
kids are great, its for like kindergarten- 5th grade 
yeah, but there is one problem though
sometimes i get turned on by what the girls are wearing 
they like to wear short skirts
i know they are young, but i cant help it
i know sometimes i fantasize about wanting to touch them 
not yet but i want to 
nope would you?
do u promise not to cheat on me?
yes i promise, but what hapens if a young girl flirts with me in person?
okay i would do that honey
what u goign to do if a boy at school tries to give u a kiss?
thats good i think i want to spend my life with you forever 
we will in time, just be patient okay sweetheart
loveyou always
why so quiet, areu falling asleep
okay wish i was joining you
sweeetdreams then okay honey
nite sweetheart, god bless you
:-* dream about me and you k
nite honey, let me know before you log offf k
hey love wish u were here with me right now
call me tonight sometime
hey are u here honey?
ive been thinking about you
hello are u here honey????
hi
hey love are u online?
hi
are u here sweehteart?
cool how u doing tonight, are you stayign warm?
thats good im cold love
cause its cold in my house, 
yes but its turned down cause mom and dad went to bed, i have a blanket on me too
so have u missed me sweetheart?
yeah it is a great church and they have programs for youth too, like all the way til middle school too
its called *Edited - They are aware of him* in bellingham
go to *Edited - They are aware of him* and u can find out infor about the programs they off for kids
go to the website k, *Edited link*
i love you honey
i know cause i feel that way towards you
tell me u love me too
why  not?
oh okay i guess thats fine
i am still trying to figure out when i come see you in everett, might be summertime though, hope u can wait for me
i know sweetie, if i had a car it woudl be different, plus if i didnt have prior commitments id do it too 
well u are important but family and college come first sweetie, i hope u understand
i hope u understand that family is no. 1 first then school, then relationships
please dont be upset, school and family are first 
:-*:-*
please dotn feel that way, before long we wil meet face and face and have fun togehter with lots of kisses and hugs
no its not, that will come sooner then u think
hey do u have another friend who would date my 40 year old friend form another state? 
louisiana
yes he does, u got a friend for him?
or anyone under 18
so do u have someone for him?
oh really cool so she moved there then too?
he is willing to travel to see this girl too
no matter where she is, she can be from down your way too 
yes he would
yeah and he is 40 but loves girls your age too
i just meet him tonight
i met him in a online chatroom not in person 
does that friend whos dad moved near him like older guys too?
okay is she the same age as you?
okay cool thanks
im sure he would appreciate it
do u want his screenname too, so u can be his friend?
really why not, u think he might try to hit on you?
okay i already told him me and u are dating
oh sorry
can i give him your name though? 
so how are u goign to add him then?
oh okay
and no i didnt give him your sn
just told him i was dating a 13 year old
does your friend use yahoo messanger?
okay so once u ask her, then maybe that guy can add her huh?
your awesome
:-*:-*
so u said u will never cheat on me?
nope i wont your my gf and no one else can date me now
okay goodnite honey, sweetdreams k
talk to u tomorrow sometime, maybe form school
do u ever get online at school?
okay talk to u sometime soon then, maybe late friday nite?
sweetdreams, talk to u soon, i will miss u and think about you
you should put my name in your notebook
hope your doing okay, be safe at school today, i saw that u had a 2hr delay,
talk to u late late tonight when i get home, at around 12:30AM
kisses and hugs you >:D<:-*
love are u here?
hey i miss you lots
If u wouldnt cheat on ur bf or gf send this 2 ur whole list in 2 mins and somethin good will happen 2 u in the next week!!!!!!! DON'T IGNORE THIS...O 
im here at school love, where have u been?
ive misssed u so much
hey sweetie, sorry my computer has been acting up at night, the phone lines are having problems at the park i live in. so i havent ben able to log into the net at nite, only during the day at like 4pm.
love you always
:-*
hey sweetie, im here
i so glad to seee you online again!!!!
>:D<:-*:-*
i missed u so much sexy
how much?
really why u worried my love?
yikes not good
why is it in nevada?
oh okay, i hope u get it back
tickle tickle tickle
i want u so bad
u want me too huh
have u been thinkign about it alot?
what u wearing right now?
thats cool im in sweatpants and tee shirt and no underwear
yeah wish u could be next to me puttting your hand down my sweatpants
and id unbutton yoru jeans
:-*:-*
i hope my phone line works tonight so i can do some homework on the net tonight
yeah then i could say hi to u again
its beena  long few days without talkign to each other huh?
me too, do u think about me daily?
good, any nice dreams yet?
awww drats, wish u could remember the good ones
do u ever find yourself spaing out while u are in school?
okay my love i will be here for another 25mins or so 
welcome back, what u have to do a potty break?
gotcha sweetheart
can i watch next time, lol 
do u like having yoru feet rubbed?
do u like having your toes sucked? 
i have developed kinda a foot fetish 
yeah form watching some videos of it on myspace
yeah
do u have myspace?
really why?
you can have myspace at that age
that sucks sweetheart
did u have pics that were too revealing on it?
maybe your parents delted it
did u have alot of boys as friends, or mostly older guys?
oh okay, but no guys like me?
:-P:-P
:x
ic
so sweetheart, do u space out at school while thinking about me?
oh okay but did u before the snow?
thats cool, have u been doddling my name with yoru name on your notebook or scratch paper? 
oh ok
have u in the privacy in your own room, said that kevin plus u equals love?
thats cute
have u said mr. and ms. kevin?
okay mine is mccausland
yes it is, now type it in with your first name and say it out loud to see how it sounds together
do u realize both our names start with k?
cool
so do u like the sound of your name with  my last name?
me too sweetheart
mr. and ms. kevin McCausland
kisses u allover
:-*:-*
i have to get going, talk to utomorrow afternoon at 4pm k
later will miss u lots
talk to u tomorrow at around 4 again k
lbye sexy, think aobut me naked in my bed tonight
>:D<:-* do i get a goodbye hug and kiss?
>:D<:-*:-P gives u a hug and french kiss, hope i get one back
later love of my life
i can picture me and u together forever
boo just saying hi, cnat talk long though, maybe on and off
love you lots sexy
wish u were here with me
then we could hug and cuddle
sound good to u
of course u know that would lead to more 
u agree?
thats good
so did u get undressed yet
oh sexy i like that, that mean your bra is off?
u got panties off, or are those off too?
okay do uwear those to bed?
ic
do u like that i sleep naked sometimes/
do u wish u could wake up in my arms?
me too id love to do that everyday
baby im hard
what u tink of that?
and i have my dick out the top of my sweatpants, stroking it, its calling your name 
im not sure honey
i loveyou though
and sorry but i dont know
i wish i could call u
drats, how often does she leave?
that sucks, u should help find her a new one
have u thought about helping her?
why not?
do they try and flirt with you?
do  u flirt with them?
k i bet youd flirt with me all the time huh
but where would we go if i was able to get to everett?
yes if u wanted to get naked outdoors
or would u go with me to a hotel room if u got cold? 
sure woudl be huh sexy
i dont know who is it u would visit again?
oh and how would u get away from your aunt without her knowing?
then we could have fun huh
can we wait til summer
that might be possible, but id have to save some money
and it depends on if my spring break from college is the same as your school spring break
yeap thats why i said summer
will be in my own place by summer i hope
maybe
i think u can wait 
dont worry i will make it worth the wait okay, u will be very happy and hot
u might not want to go back home
trust me its worth the wait
i know me too, but our spring breaks might nto be at the same time
id have to go check, do u know when yours is?
ok
let me go get my book k
my quarter ends on march 23, and have to be back by april 2
okay u have a calander as to when yours is too?
damn
that sucks beautiful, that wont work out then :(
when is that?
u do 
u dont have to be there for those?
oh okay
and xmas im off starting on the 15, then i take off to oregon to my brothers house til after the new year
that weekend might work
i think we can work it out for the time u are off for spring break
no not then, at the end of march
i go back january 2nd
when is that?
i have to go back to school on the 16
and in februay i would only get off 19th and 20th
not really its better when i have like a week off at the end of march
that way i could stay the whole time
i would leave on like march 26th
i know i know i sorry
that will be close to my bday too honey
april 3rd
yeah when is yours?
oh so u just turned 13 then? 
or your going to be 14 i mean sorrry
or are u turning 13?
is this coming january your 13th bday?
ic its okay i still dont mind
so how come u dont like guys yoru age?
really in what way?
oh like dirty things?
oh have they said things about u?
sorry i froze
so sweetie, anymore pics of you?
bummer
i want to see more, like maybe one in a swimsuit 
have to take one huh
me either, id love to give u a new one of me
yeah then u could keep it with you at all times in your purse
does anyone go through your purse besides u?
cool so that woudl be a safe place to keep one huh
cool cool
i bet youd always look at my pic huh
like how many times a day would u look at it?
okay
bbay i just took off my sweatpants
nope they are asleep
yeah wish u were sleepign with me
i know u wish u could too huh
u should run away
easy u just leave your house and run away and hitchhike 
then we can go and hide out somewehre
u willing to try it?
do u think you woudl get very far without mom calling the police?
we could live happily if u did this too
or someone else may want to touch u huh?
okay are u goign to go to bed then?
i have 3hrs of homework or so left
okay goodnite love of my life
:-* gives u a goodnite kiss 
as i rub your nipples
talk to u tomorwo my lovfe
BOO!!!!!!!!
whats up hotstuff????
me either just chillin
watchign the boob tube
watching show me the money
yeah
im eating ice cream
sorry love i froze, im eating ice cream
u want some?
it is mountain huckleberry from tillimook
yeah open wide honey 
is your mouth open?
sure we can stop by the grocery store
then u can share it from my mouth as we kiss 
u here
yes in the flesh baby
>:D<:-* i missed ulots
your such a sweet, loving and caring person
thats why i like being your man
you light up my life honey
i hope i lite up yours too 
thats good when u think about me, do u get all goey inside? 
thats a start of having stronger feelings for me
so areu wearing your pjs again?
nice, how many pjs u have?
cool u wear a different one nightly or just every other day 
have u ever woken up wet in yoru panties? 
well im talking about a different type of wetness love 
ic, i have woken up hard, so someone must be thinkinga nice thoughts, maybe even u i hope 
got to be u thinking about me right?
even though u cant remember
yeah had to remember huh?
i remember u said only nightmares
so are u sending me a ecard for xmas?
yeah id send u a regular one, but dont want anyone to find out about me 
or do u get yoru daily mail?
so they would ask who the mail is from huh?
what woudl u say?
true it woudl be hard to tell your parents huh
would she be upset?
true, when is your bday again, i should send u a bday card too?
k let me know ahead when its close k
thanks love
wish u were in my bed instead
goodnite love of my life, keep safe and keep thinkign about me during school k
hey where are umy love its 4:10 and your not online 
hey your here, wish u could have been on sooner, i only have 8mins beofre i have tolog off 
i know im sory love
was waiting for u
oh cool
who is emily?
nice
luv ya lots
:-*
wish u were her elove
yeah wed have fun togeth er huh
wish we could cuddle n kisss righit now
bye i have togoki
hey cutie
did u miss me?
good i missed u too my sexy beauty queen winner
wish i had a crown for you
cause to me you are the sexiest person alive
aww am i making u blush?
awwww how cute i love it
tickle tickle 
i love u so much
and you are always on my mind
thats good sweetheart, all day long when im awake im thinking about u sexy
so what u wearing love?
thats cool take them off baby
:D
well how about just puttign on hand in your pj bottoms then
awww sorry my love i cant help it, u turn me on so much 
okay sorry honey wasnt trying just having fun is all cause ilove you so much 
its cool honey
:-*>:D<
gives u a hug and kiss 
what u doing my love?
really whos sammi?
oh cool she the same age as u?
sorry i froze
wish u were here 
yeah if u were id hide u in my room
then wake up in your arms sexy
have u thought about that too?
thats good my love
someday we will wake up every morning together
i have thought about what it would be like for me and u to have our own family
do u want me to be the father of your children? 
sure but that means u might need to get on birth control
are u on it now?
will u find out how to get on it then?
cause condoms dont stay on me 
so can u ask yoru mom to put u on it, or can u go to the clinic yourself? 
do u know wehre the health clinic is near u?
trust me love i have tried before
welll what about a guidance counselor
well i think u can try the clinic, most clinics have a confidentiality thing u can sign and it would just be between u and them
okay and i can ask one of my female friends if they know anything aobut it too k 
asking someone now for u sweetheart
the friend thinks u have to be of age for somethign liket hat 
no i think of age means like 16
but if we had sex, i could always pull out
well the only way u woudl get pregnant is if u were on your period 
the only other thing is that u might have to tell your mom u want to go on birth control
u ahve to be ovulated in order to get pregnant 
do u know when you ovulate? 
okAY OVULATION IS RIGHT BEFORE U  HAVE YOUR PERIODS 
u can only get pregnant during ovulation time, love
yes i just asked this other girl 
i think u are just goign to have to go to the clinic and ask them, explain that u dont want your parents to know 
hey u know what u can do too if u arent sure about when u can get pregnant or not 
u can proably check it out on the net
like what kinda stuff?
they dont fit honey remember 
not sure plus i go soft easy too 
yeah everytime ive tried to have sex i go soft
maybe it is just me beign nervous because of my dick size 
im not sure love
if it did, i make up for it with oral pleasure
and i can make a girl scream and cum hard during oral sex 
k i will shortly too, wish i was joining u
goodnite my love talk to u soon, will miss u lots
hi
how are u?
doing good ive missed u
i know i miss u every hour i dont talk to u
i love you
i want u here so bad so we could make love together
are u having a good weekend my love?
aww thats cause im not there with u right?
awww thats sweet 
:-*
what u wearing?
love u here?
okay when u coming back?
come back quick k i will still be here
k if not its cool love you always
hey honey
are u here?
hi love whats goign on?
me eitiher, i love you lots
nope why?
really maybe she just wants to be a freind
why just cause of how she looks or what?
whats her name maybe she found you from hacking into my firend list? 
yes i do
i love you honey
is that person still tryign to talk to u, maybe she found u through a search thing with the term of goats 
oh okay
wonder what her age is? 
okay wish u were here sexy
hey sexy u know what drives me crazy when a girl does it to me? 
when a girl sucks on my nipples
would u do that to me?
yeah i want that, and slow tickling drives me crazy too
i dont know either
wish uw er here my love
we would be havig fun
:-*
hey love im looking at yoru myspace page
how come u have 33 as your age? 
yes i knwo u are
i see u have lots of stuff on goats on it
cool, so your mom is in the navy
ic, so when is she supposed ot move again?
will u move with her again?
what if its alogn ways from wa state?
damn that sucks
i hope u dotn move too far from me
yeap but then u would only be apart from me for 2years then u can move back to go to college here
where is nk?
never heard of that school
i know where wsu is
but what is nk?
goats are yoru life huh
i bet i hope u get her back
have u won alot of 4h awards?
how many so far?
what fair u go to?
thats cool
i used to go to the fair in monroe when i was in 4h for square dancing
in fact i know the lady who runs the 4 h program in monroe
u ever been to that one?
so maybe yoru mom will stay here til u get done with high school then huh?
that would be cool huh
so am i yoru dream come true?
am i your prince charming? 
u willl someday soon love
u only have one pic on that website of u
oh okay
have u ever thougth about ridign a horse in the nude? 
i saw a pic of a girl who was only 10 and she was showing off her pussy while on a horse, she had a skirt and pulled it up to show it 
some guy sent it to me
yeah but i would love to see u that way
maybe she wasjust posing on it
would u pose on one naked/ 
well u would wear shoes, just wear like a dress nd pull your panties aside 
not riding just posing for a picture honey
oh ok , want to see the pic? 
oh okay
ok bye sweetie, love you
i wont behome til after midnite tonight, talk to u tomorrow
hey there is my love
awwww are u going to stay for me now?
awww okay try to sneak back on if u can, i will be here til 1:15 or so k
ok bye my love
hi
me too, i missed u so much too my love
:-*:-*
How u been?
me too been thinking about u alot
wish u coudl be here, im kinda feeling depressed
just being lonely is all love
nope im not why u ask that/
what were u worried about love?
:-*:-*
i will never let u go
why were u worried though?
i love you kendra
arent u going to say, \"i love you kevin? 
wont knwo more til we meet huh?
ic theni think you will fall madly in love with me
at least i hope u do
tickle tickle tickle 
iwant u so bad
>:D< gives u a big hug and doesnt let u go
so what u wearing my love?
mmm sexy i like that
im in boxers only
sorry iw asnt online today been busy cleaning and helpign mom
whats lame?
well it was helping to put out xmas decorations and i had to clean my room too
yeah it was messy
really your a good girl huh 
wow thats good
can u help me keep mine clean
or u can punish me if i dont keep it clean 
like no sex til its clean
u like that ideal?
or is that punishment for u as well? 
okay love
so u been thinking about me all day long?
me too, yoru sexy
man i want u so bad
i know u want me bd too huh
sorrry wish i coudl get there to see u now
yeah then we could have hot sex huh
that woudl be hot
i flunked my class
i know they lost my paper
i know and i just now got online to check the email she wrote me, i could have emailed her a copy of the essay but it had to be emailed by 5pm
when she had to turn in grades
i know it sucks big time
and idont have money to pay for that class again
i know
bad news after bad news
nope still have plans with family honey
and i still go to school in the witner after new years
kisses u all over 
your the best
i am hard love
yeah wish u could suck it
:-*
i wish i coudl spend new years with u love, but i will be in oregon
so how long has your mom been in the navy for?
so where all have u lived at then?
wow
how did u like japan?
oh ok so do u speak japanese?
so if u were born in japan, did u have to apply for citizenship here when u moved/ 
oh thats cool then sweetie
im sorry about yoru dad though
okay, what age were u when u lost him love?
oh okay
:-*
honey what u thinkign right now cause all of a sudden i started cumming 
hehehehe okay
what u doing love?
really awww you can rest againts me love
awww okay thinka bout me there k
wish i was joining u in yoru bed
u have a nice nite and will talk to u soon k my love
later my love, sweetdreams too \
hey love wish u were online right now, talk to u tomorrow k
or tonight
hi love wish u were here, gooodnite my love, 
kisses and hugs you alloover
oh soyour online but invisible?
i loveyou sweetheart
oh okay wish u were here so we coudl fool around
yeah baby i am naked right now
u like?
touch me baby
really aww bummer wish u coudl be here
we could have fun together
so how has your day been, havent talked to you lately?
really for how long?
ic
sounds interesting
oh cool sounds like fun, i want to ride one
never been on one
cool
cool u should tell her about me
well tell her that u have a secret and ask if she promises not to tell your mom you will tell her k
alright u goign to see her after then?
cool probably stay a few nites there huh
thats cool
i bet she would be happpy for you 
oh damn damn damn, and i will be gone that sucks
i want to seee u so bad
not til january 2nd then i have to go back to school
cause i am babysittign for a bit
yeah im watchign my niece and nephew
3 and 9 
i think
i forgot 
my neice is a cutie too
i will have to show u a picture of her sometime
yes i think thats how old she is, but i forgot
yeah i will scan a picture of them sometime sooon and post it on my myspace account
okay nite my love, dream about me k
:-* love you lots
will miss u lots too
hello my love
whats going on/
me either, ive missedulots
mm soon why/
awww damn
i leaveon like monday
yeah so thatis when u are going to go to everett then/
okay sweetie
are u goign to have a computer there/
that sucks
how long will u be there for/
okay love
wish i could bed tehre im sory
ihope u have a safe christmas
i will, 
more and likely yes
so if u can get onlein try to be onlien k
i wishi could be there wrapped in a bow with nothign on me 
would u like that as a present/
then youd jump me huh
oh baby that would be hot
i loveyou so much
:-*:-*
i want to kiss u allover love
what is my sexy sweetheart wearing/
awwww are you cold/
aww honey wish i could keep u warm and cozey cudling withyou
id holdu close and keep u warm
hey just to warn u that one chick mightim you, sheimmed me 
play along with her, i told her i dumped you, but i really didnt k 
remembe that chick thatimmed you out of the blue
i todl her i did, just to get her off my back cause she said she didnt like you
she thoghtu were mean 
so i lied to her and said i wasnt with you
just to shut her up okay
yes cause she became my friend
umm i forgot now
let me ask again k
:-*:-*
she told me she cant tell me where she lives
no i forgot its been a bit
from here online 
love you sexy
u get any new pics yet/
me eithier honey
:-*
tickle tickle
areu ticklish my love/
oh not fair then, cause im ticklish allover my body
i like being spanekd too 
do u like anything kinky?
like being tied up 
ok i have to get goin gmy love, talk to u soon k
i wil miss you
bye my love
hey love, your online right now
cool hats going on?
cool, sorry about my typo
im going to miss u while u are gone
so u leave on monday u said or tuesday?
and wont be home til after xmas right?
dang thats a long time huh
gives ua  kiss :-*
so whats my love been doing lately, u been thinkinga bout me alot?
thats good me too
whats new with you?
me either, so is school out until after new years?
thats cool, 
so how many snow days do u guys have to make up so far?
ic, and when will u have to make those days up?
oh okay, so are they tacking them onto the end of the year, or are they taking part from mid winter break?
ic, that sucks huh
i hope there isnt goign to be anymore snow this winter
i hope your parents didnt have any vacation planned for the end of the school year
thats good then
so do u and your mom go on vacations in the summer time
that sucks, vacations are fun
so do ulike swimming? 
cool do u wear a one or 2 piece swimsuit?
where did u go love?
welcome back what happpened to you?
>:D<:-*:-*
aww im sorry, do u wish i was there to protect you?
i know but id cuddle u close and keep u warm
your my sexy sweetheart, and your so cool
i cant get you out my mind either
yeah real early in the morning at like 7pm then we have a christmas party in the afternoon and evening time
for the american legion 
yeah goign ot be a busy day
of couse i will
are u goign to write a dairy while you are gone?
nope your mine always my love
hey have u been watching all that dateline stuff? 
u can write a dairy by hand and keep it safe with a lock
yeah why dotn u go ahead and do that then love
datelien is a thing wehre they have been busting guys for meeting girls yoru age 
yeah they have someoen pretend they are like 12 or 13, then have them meet them, and bust them 
and have them taped and then arrested
well they have the intent on having sex with the girl they have talked to online
kinda like how i want to do it with you 
its not on now, it was on yesterday on msnbc
and they have had it on nbc before too
u can go on the internet and look up dateline
then search for sex preditor things 
yeah they bust alot of guys from being online preditors looking to have sex with girls under 18 
i know dotn want me to get busted right?
yeah and id go to jail for a long time cuase ive been to jail before 
they even keep chatlogs of these guys too, before they come to some house and meet them 
youd never set me up right?
how much do u like me?
i like u alot but im scared
good i like u alot too and want to be with you the rest of my life 
and yoru mom would turn me in too huh?
thats why we have to be very careful right?
when i do meet u at a mall, will u hold my hand? 
or do u think wed have too many people asking questions? 
u mean the holding hands
or meeting at a mall?
okay but how would we recognize eachother?
yes but different glasses now
and ive lost some weight
yeah so u look pretty close to the same
thats cool
hey love i am naked rigiht now 
shes asleep in bed
sorry didnt mean to do that
u should rub your pussy for me right now
i know but u can masturbate whil thinking about me later on in your bed right? 
hve u done that yet?
will u do it tonight?
i am doing it now
yeah wish it was your mouth instead
well im goign to bed, goodnite my love
talk to ut omorow nite i hope
okay nite my love will thinka bout u as i masturbate tonight
i will miss you more my love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wish you were joining me in my bed
hey when i do get to everett, will u be able to hang out in the hotel room with me?
will u be able to spend the nite with me?
who lives in everett again?
yeah i want to wake up in your arms in the morning
if u spent the nite with me, what would u tell your aunt?
sounds good, okay well u have a nice nite and hope to talk to utomorow nite at around 10 or so k
or 11
later my love, god bless you
:-*:-* and merry xmas too
i wll nite nite beautiful
grabs yoru butt as i give u a hug and then i kiss your neck
when i see you, im goign to give u a hicky on your breast 
it might if i gave u one on your neck, would u care?
true, okay id give u one on your neck and on your breat then
and maybe yoru stomach too
and i want to suck your toes too
would ulet me suck your toes?
yes i have a foot fetish
can u take a couple of pictures, one of your feet in socks, and the other of the bottom of your bare feet? 
cool thanks my love
hey when me and u finally do meet, can i keep a pair of your sweaty socks, and a pair of your panties? 
well i could cum in a pair of my underwear for you 
or what would u like to keep of mine?
what articleof clothing
do u like the ideal of my underwear with cum inside of it?
k sounds good caue i would love a pair of your panties and smelly socks
thats why youd keep it hidden under your bed or something or in yoru pillow
oh okay you could find some hiding place, or u could put them on your body? 
lol
okay my love, well im going to bed now, wish u were joining me
im gone now, sweetdreams love of my life
:-*:-* nite sweetheart, im fallign for you more nad more each day we talk
talk to u at around 10 or 11 sunday nite k
i am going to sleep in the nude tonight, i think u should sleep naked too 
ponder the thought of me naked k
nite my love
hey my love
nope not til later in the week why?
nope on on like wednesday or thursday
yeap so when do u leave again?
k wish i could join you
i am so loney when i cant talk to you sweetheart
do u get lonely?
awww that suck love
wish we coudl spend everyday togetgher
together
its too bad i couldnt adopt you
yes it would
i wish u were my daughter
if u were my daughter, i probably would have gotten naked with you in your room
id sneak in and watch you change
if i was your dad would u stop me? 
oh okay i see
sorry for bringing it up, i just know that if i had a daughter, id teach her about sexual things and have her do things to me 
i will be your new daddy k
okay then my lover then
your my sexy sweet loving gf and lover
i want to have kids with you someday
u want that too?
i bet me and u would make good parents
would u be upset if imad a passs at our daughter though? 
she coudl learn by watching us
well i want our daughter to learn from me nad not some stranger 
it woudlnt be cheating
umm i want kids with you as soon as u turn legal age of 18
20years id be like 52, and thats old for kids
oh youd want to teach her about sex at that age then 
okay like after we have kids right?
souunds good, do u want to get pregnant before you are 18? 
what happens if i got your pregnant?
or are u going to get on the pill?
well can i tell u that im hard right now?
okay i have a nice hard penis right now thinking about your sexy body 
i think your so hot
if i was swimming with you, id probably pull off yoru swimsuit when i swam up towards you
aww do u have to go?
:-*:-*:-* i bet youd pull off my shorts too
yes but probalby not til night time, cause im helping mom baek for most of the day
okay talk to you tomorrow nite around 10pm 
love you lots sexy
your my true lover
sweetdreams sweetheart
hey love where are you, did u leave already?????
i thought u werent leaving til wednesday, or was it today?
damn wish u could be here i miss u lots
hey my love
hope u had a wonderful christmas, wish i could have been there with you.
kises and hugs you
love your man kevin
i misss you and i hope u get home soon
sweetheart, is that u?
i missed u too, im still at my  brotehs house in oregon
i know i get back monday morning
i love you honey
i missedu so much, i thought about alot too
not for awhile, like maybe spring break
what u wearing right now?
awww that sucks
wish i could keep u warm my love
i am about ready to go in the shower, wanna join me?
i know i will think about u while im naked in there
gtg talk to us oon my love
love you always
bye for now sexy, email me please
bye beautiful, send me some pics of you too please
okay cool thanks, send me lots of pics k
so are u goign to make more then?
oh okay talk to u soon my love
hello my love, whats going on?
ive missed u more sexy
that sucks
what kinda music?
no why?
oh nevermind i thought u meant was i home alone sorry
yeah im at home right now
i bet u were
never why would i be mad?
id never be mad at u
your my sweetheart
it was nice, but u want to now something that i was kinda mad about?
the fact that i went up to everett for one day, but couldnt get away
i know love but i was busy all day long
yeah we went out and exchanged presents and then had dinner
yeah a few
but i wanted u
yeah that would ahve been the best gift huh?
did u ask santa for me? 
were u a bad girl, so u didnt get all yoru wishes?
u must have been a bad girl
i might have to spank u 
dont u like that?
id be gently sweeteheart
tickle tickle, 
your the best
okay nite my love, talk to u soon
sweetdreams beautiful, talk to u soon
wish i was going to bed with u
nite honey, sleep tight and dont let the bed bugs bite
nope thats my job
hi
hey babe whats up?
not much just watching deal or no deal u?
yeah i love it
so u missed me?
hello u still here?
me too my love
:-*:-*
your the best
i want you so bad
yeah i can just imagine u doing it
how is school?
aww im sorry, 
do u think about me while u are in classes?
so u day dream then?
does the teacher catch u daydreaming?
thank god huh
do your freinds ask what u are thinking about?
do they know about me?
okay so do u ever write my name in your notebook?
thats true, especially with me being 32 huh?
sorry got booted
i dont know it just booted me
i want your hot body so bad love
be honest i do not know, am busy with school right now, might not be til spring or summer break
sorry love but i dont have any breaks
dont be so sad
i want to have babies with u in the future
do u want that too? 
k in like 2years then?
sure but what happens if i get your pg before then? 
cause i cant wear condoms, they dont stay on me
k u need to figure out how to get on pill k 
k bye love you always
boo
how u doing my sexy gf?
im great, my freind is out of hospital now
yeah ive missed u lots
>:D<:-*
do i get a hug and kiss?
okay im ready for them 
:-*:-*:-P i give u a french kiss
thanks sexy
so whatcha doing?
awww im sorry, wish u could be here with me in my arms tonight in my bed
and wake up next to each other
do u dream about that
i think about u nite and day
u think about me at school too?
thats good my love
u must think about me alot cause when i wake up in the morning, sometimes i wake up with a nice big hard on
so u must be thinking some nice thoughts
are u thinking about my hot naked body?
i luv ya my beauty queen
u think about my naked body daily? 
mmm thats sexy
i think about what u look liked naked too
wish u had a nude pic
can u make one for me? 
awww why not?
ic so u really wanted a digital camera huh?
if u would have gotten a digital camera, would u ahve takena  nude pic already?
thats why u take the picture, then put it onto a cd for the computer, and keep it with you
then u email it to me, and delte it fromthe camera
sure u could
hey can you have one of your friends take a pic of you in a swimsuit?
awww too bad, id like to see a pic of u in your pjs
those kinda of pics would be so hot to see
its okay love maybe someday soon huh
are u wearing your bedtime clothes right now/
awww okay nite my love, wish i was there in your bed
or u here 
sweetdreams
are u sleeping nude tonight?
always do, cause i always dream about me and u
im sleeping naked tonight
nite honeybuns
thnk about me sleeping naked, u should try it tonight too, try sleping naked k?
sleep naked tonight k
sure u can love
just keep yourself covered up with your sheets and blankets
she wont see u naked
you will be under the covers
awww okay nite my love, willl miss u lots
hello my love
i missed u more
i did i miss u tons
i am watching nashville star right now
yeah do u like country music?
of couse cause your a country girl huh?
do u ever wear cowboy boots?
isnt that what u are wearing in yoru display pic?
u should turn on usa network on the tv
i luv ya sexy
>:D<:-*:-*
oh too bad have to go to usanetwork.com/nashvillestar to see some of it then
besides the goats, do u do anythign else on a farm?
do u got any cows and chickens?
oh okay, do u live on a farm?
how come u cant have the goat where u are at?
thats sucks, so u live in a big house then?
ic, u guys need to be on a farm huh?
maybe someday
so did u have school, or was it cancelled cause of snow?
ic, so how about for tomorrow, u got school?
the barn with who?
thats cool, so they cancelled school for friday then?
:-*:-*
great another day to make up huh
oh thats good then huh
aww im sorry, wish i was there, u could rest against my body
someday that will happen everyday when we live together
i wish we lived in teh same city right now
yeah then id visit with u daily
nite my love
talk to u soon, dream about me and u
Boo
hey your up late
cool so whats going on mylove?
u been waiting for me?
i luv ya
awwww thanks for waiting
how logn for?
well thanks my love for doing that
so how has your weekend been?
oh no, are u okay?
awww im sorry love
:-* kisses it to make it better
i thought about u all day long
did u think about me too?
i guess your busy
reallly why?
okay bye my love
love you always
hey cant stay just wanted to say hi
whats up sexy?
not much just hanging out
i cant stay though, cause then i cant come online tonight
eyeah no school today
reallly that sucks, can i kiss it
no i mean i cant stay online long now, 
if i stay on too long now then i cant come online tonight 
cause i only get so much time online a day
well normally i can stay on til midnte at nite
but if use time during the day then i cant go online at nite
no but mom is here with me
yeap so talk to u tonight at 10pm if u are online k
if not send me a offline
>:D<:-* luv ya bye for now
hey love any snow there yet?
we are supposed to get up to another 6inches tonight
after midnite i think
yeah 
and we still have icey roads
how many days of school have u missed so far thanks to the snow?
probably wont get out of school til end of june huh instead of the middle?
im sorry, i know u hate that, if we get any more days of school cancellations, your going to end up going til august huh?
:-*:-*
yeah that would suck huh
stupid snow huh
i just got done taking a shower
what did u do today?
awww wish icould take care of it
yeah id take real good care of you
id rub it for u
no id rub it gently
luv ya lots
tickle tickle tickle
i want u so bad love
i want to make love to you and make u a woman 
really awww im sorry love, 
i hope it will happen this summer
yeah cause spring break itsnt going to happen cause of the stupid snow
yes u will get to see me in the summer time love
its the stupid snow, they had to take away the spring break
cause they added on days to the quarter
i know i hate the stupid snow
im sorry love, blame it on the snow okay
:-*
i can try sometimes in the spring okay
be mad at the stupid weather since thats what did this
of course i care about you, we will meet sometime this ispring on a weekend okay
dont say that, i care about u alot
i willl get there somehow this spring k, even if its just for a saturday k?
i promise
but i hope we can spot each other when i do come visit
i will let u know what im wearing the day i come to visit u okay love
then we can fuck
i will get us a room for the nite
and then u wont be a virgin anymore cause i love you 
it will be the best nite of your life
yes probably be the end of march k
me too im very excited, i have wanted u for so long
your goign to want lots more when im done with u
i just hope u dont have to move anytime soon
cause then it woudl be sad, like if u went to a different state
is your mom due for any kinda move anytime soon?
thats good how long u normally stay in one place for?
k nite honey, talk to u soon
nite nite
hey whats up sweetie
love are u here?
i was, i sent u a im but u didtn asnwer me back
like a half hour ago
i didnt get anything back from u when i said hi love
weird, it never went through
oh well now we are talking though
so how was your day, was school cancelled?
your in north kitsap right?
k i was lookign for that on the news
thats good, u want to go back huh?
dont want to miss anymore school
so what is the last day now?
ic that sucks huh
hey love im naked right now
why does it turn u on?
oh afraid to get caught?
ic, so do u masturbate in yoru bed?
did u do it last  nite?
oic
love ya sexy
want u to rub me so bad
and i want to rub your pussy
and lick it real good
sound good to u love?
:-*:-*
im glad u want me bad
we need to get u some hot sexy pics for me to look at daily 
like u wearing only your underwear
why not, u can have a friend do it
ic, what about a bikini pic?
i jerk off to the pictures of you in your skirt daily
well i need to get going to bed k
nite sexy, i will think about u as i sleep naked tonight
:-*:-*>:D< gives u some goodnite kisses and hugs
bye for now
hi
how u doing my love
good but llonely
yeah wish u were here love
yes near the end of it, like the last few days 
for one day only on a saturday
yeah as long as we will spot each other when we meet at the mall
what happens if we dont see each other?
yeah cause im only going to lok around for about an hour k
yeah i will tell u what im goign to wear and u can tell me 
but like i said im only going to stay for like an hour, and if i spot u, then i will stay, if not then i head home
we would have to do it in the outdoors, or i can get a room for the nite if we do see each other k 
nope no car, i dont drive love
a hotel room would be best right?
the food court at the mall sounds like the best place to meet at
true, but food court is best i think
okay yeah even just holding hands nd kissing would be alright huh?
i know u want to get naked huh?
or just some touchey feeley?
rub each other someright?
oh your ready huh love?
ok sexy
hi sorry i froze up
where did u have to go?
ic, what u wearing to bed tonight?
nice im sleeping in my bday suit tonight 
yes so i know u would love to be nakeed next to me in my bed
well i better let u go off to bed now huh?
i will, and u sleep good too my love
dream about us 
awww how sweet, u think u will ever get her back?
really who is sammi?
cool how long u known her?
so when u bring your goat back?
where is minni goign to stay?
oh so u are goign to live even further from me then?
u moving closer to me?
oh to what city?
ic
hope its not before summer
i am but i am worried im afriad i wont spot u, then i woul dhave to leave without seeign u
well its happened to me before i go to meet someone then i cant find them
and when i get to the mall im oinly going to wait around for like 2hrs k 
i know then we will have some fun for the nite
it will be hot
me either, its goign to be hot even just to kiss u allover
:-*
will let u know what time when it gets closer k
im naked
and im rubbing it good
cant wait til its your hands on it instead
and my hands will be all over your pussy
and my tongue too
luv ya lots
what u wearing love?
sexy, is the bottoms like panties?
ic
what color tonight?
nice
im goign to bed now nite my love
luv ya more
will miss u
wish u were joining me
nite honey, luv ya always will miss u lots
hey love whats goin on?
are u here?
cool wehre were u at?
oh okay, thats why u didnt answer me huh?
yeah i said hey love whats goin on
they i said are u here, then u answered me with that statement
that sucks
oh well im glad u are here now
i missed u more sweetheart, cant wait til t he end of march
it will get her soon enough
i know i wish i had a car, then id come visit u every weekend
yeah we could spend the weekends together alot
but i dont have my license or money for insurance to take the test
i know it sucks
wish u were old enough to drive
i bet youd drive up to see me alot huh?
true but by then youd have a job probably to huh?
yeah it will be so nice to see u my love
are u going to wear a skirt for me with no panties?
yeah thats waht i want to see u in, a short skirt with no panties underneath
easier access for my fingers babe
i luv ya lots
do u love me lots too?
last time we talkeed u said i lov eyou to me
yeah u said it last time to me
okay thanks love
your so sweet n sexy
i go crazy thinking about u beautiful
i miss u too sweetheart
i think about u while im at school
:-*
aww was it turning u on while u thought about me?
do u dream about us?
thats too bad love
yeah sweeetheart, i bet they are good ones
yeah do u think about me while at school?
thats cool, u write about us in a journal?
why would they get mad?
oh u mean like how old i am?
u should put my initials in your binder
u should love
so when u are in your bedroom, have u ever said your first name with my last name to see how it sounds?
and what u think of it?
type it up, i want to see what your full name looks like with my last name k?
oh yes and what is yoru middle name mine is ross?
so knm
that looks intesting huh?
i hope me and u get married
i want to be your husband so bad 
i think everyone would love seeign me and u togetgher 
together forever til death due us part 
u would complete my life love 
i know love
its goign to be hot and sexy, i wont want to leave 
and neither will u
me too babe
:-*
hey love do u have any new pics yet?
bummer would it have been some sexy ones too?
i want to see u in a bikini
u wear bikinis right?
so waht u wear when u swim then?
awww why not, your skinny love
well i think your body is hot
u should get your belly button pierced
oh how old u got to be to have that done?
do u have yoru ears pierced?
thats cool, what else would u like to get pierced someday?
i think pierced tongues
:-* love im naked again
i know i love being that way, when i get my own place, i will be naked all day and nite at home
id drive u crazy wouldnt i if i ddi that?
id want u to be the same way in the house too
no u wouldnt cause then id be all over you making u hot
:D
then u put on a robe love
and fuzzzy slippers
yes have u ever had a pair of fuzzy slippers?
my mom says they are warm
besides id wait on you hand and foot love 
get u whatever u wanted 
whateverwould make u happpy id do love
:-*
your so awesome my love
no im not
im nothign special love
no im a nobody
no one would ever love me
oh sorry am in a depressed mood
because i get that way at times, and afraid u wont like me when we meet 
awww okay thanks honey
but i think im ugly and fat
do u htink im sexy?
well thanks
and your not a cop right? 
good cause i dont want to go to jail
yeah cause then i wouldnt be able to contact u
i told u i have been there a few times alreayd right?
kinda cause they found out why i went tehre, and they wanted to beat me up calling me a child molestor 
yeah but all i did was expose myself to girls like u, and also talk dirty to them on the nte 
okay good i hope not
have u told any of your friends?
do they think they have any ideals that u have someone?
do u hve guys hit on u at school?
u always liked older guys like me?
do they flirt with u at all?
so love do u have your periods already?
tht means ucould get pregnant then huh?
u seen it huh?
so what happens if u got pg then?
oh cause i dont wear condoms love
okay nite honey, sweetdreams, and god blesss u always k
they dont fit on me love
no i would just pull out of you
okay nite swetheart
yeap we can talk about it more next time
nite
no why?
i think id just pull out of you okay love when we have sex
oh like hugs and kisses 
>:D<:-*:-*
i will thinka bout u as i lay naked tonight in my bed
wish u were joining me tonight
do u ever wake up wet?
oh okay sweetdreams love, u should masturbate tonight
will u masturbate tonigth for me?
okay nite then
love youa lways and wil miss u
hey girlfriend how was your day?
yeah im still working on my essay revision right now
its due tomorrow too
yeah is a 3 1/2-4 page extended summary on a essay i read 
really why, arent u good at summarizing readings/
have u had to do that type of paper before?
oh so u get too wordy huh?
do u know how to properaly do a quote of someone else when u quote them in a paper?
okay well get used to writing cause when u go on to college u will being doing lots of papers
i think when u get to be like 16, i think u should do running start 
u think u will do that your junior year, go to college too?
u want to go to college right?
are u thinking u want to go to wsu?
yeah thought youd want to do somethign to do with animals since u love them so much
oh coool, would u want them brought to a clinic, or would u go to the farms?
more and likely probably go to there farms
yeah its always good to have goals right?
well u can study high school and college at the same time when u do running start
true get through junior high first right?
k
:-*:-*
never forget yoru my sweetheart
good im glad, no one else is going to toufh u ever right?
nope i only want u mylove
your my one and only
your my secret lover
no one will find out, but when we do get hotel room, i dont know what to say if asked who u are
no we are going to meet at the mall
yeah probably easier spot right?
whree u think we should meet at?
okay cause i wont know what hotel room im goign to stay at 
til i get there
no cause u have to hvae credit card for that, and idont have those
yeah
i am going to pay cash for the room
well love i should get offline, have to finish that paper, will probably be up til 1am finishing it
love you too sweeetie, talk to u soon
hey your up late
yeah fridays and saturdays i like to stay out late
normally i have to be offline by 12, but 12:30 on fridays and saturdays 
tonigth mom gave me til 1am
yeah cause i thought she said 1am
yeah or else my time woudl be pushed back til 11pm
instad of midnite
>:D<:-*
wish i wish going into your bed tonight
yeah its there computer
i missed you more my loving gf :D
how come i never get emails from u?
i understand i will be going to bed shortly too
well can u start sending me some?
i dont know just tell me how muchu miss me before i come online, or even just send me a offline message
and u can tell me how your day went
and how much u thought about me
okay just nice to get a hi i miss u lots
u can say it more then once
the stupid library ugraded the computers, so now i cant get on messanger during the day 
only at nite at around 10 most nites
i dont get home from school til 6pm
but mom is on computer hten, so thats why i dont get online til 10 at nite
and right now i cant use the computers at school
i was a bad boy
i got caught rubbing my penis in the library computer lab while looking at nude pics on the net
yeah and a few people saw me doing the gestures, so i got on a probation period for one quarter
i was lucky i wasnt arrested for exposure
yes out the top of my sweatpants
do u think thats hot?
why  not?
okay well goodnite
love you
k if i get home in time
bye for now
hello future Mrs. McCausalnd
McCausland
how u doing tonight?
doing good, but its cold outside
and foggy
yeah wish we could keep each other warm
:-*:-* i love you lots
i miss u too alot beautiful
what u doing?
me eitiher just watchign men in black 2
did u think about me today?
mostly slept and went to walmart with mom and dad, then we went to church where i served as a greeter, 
then afterwards i went out to dinner at a drive-in burger place called boomers, where i had a hamburger at the anniversary price of only $2.79 instaed of 4 bucks
then i went to the legion and nnow im home
i give u lots of kisses and a big huge hug
:-*:-*:-*:-*>:D<
hey love, do u belive in god? 
cool do u go to church on sundays then?
what religion are u?
no u dont, u read your bible right? 
oh u should try to read it daily
well cause its one of gods commands
yes to read gods word, its like the way u should live your life all the time
thats good, althgough when we have sex, we are being sinful 
no sex is supposed to be saved for marrige, but i break that one all the time
no i mean like in the past honey
no i break it by masturbating and looking at nude pics or pornos
did u masturbate last nite after we got done talking?
its okay, i did and i shoot a big load all over me
that mean u like?
why not?
u can picture that in yoru mind huh?
cool soon that cum will be over your body instead of beign wasted or me putting it in my mouth 
yeah i lick my fingers and taste it
yeah mine is sweet and salty
sometimes its only salty 
yeah dont want to waste it
i love giving oral pleasure
yeah cant wait to do that to u
u will love it
and i hope u cum lots for me
god baby u make me so horny
lov eyou lots
:-*
wish u had a nude pic
why the sad face?
its okay love
u are makign me happy by beign my gf
yeah cause your great
u make me the happiest man alive
i want to stay with u for a long time
for the rest of our lives
i want u here with me so bad
i know i want to live in teh same city as u
hoeny i am cumming again
yeah baby its hot
you make me hot thinking about u and looking at your pics
yes real soon why?
aww thanks yoru so sweet
thanks for staying up with me
okay well i am goign to go now k
nite my love
>:D<:-*
nite my love
just wanted to say hi real quick will talk to u tonight k
at 10pm
luv ya lots
talk to utonight at around 10 or so?
k cya then, will think about u til then
tickle tickle 
k talk to u tongith my love
bye for now
boo
yes doing some research, so might not be on very long
but will come back
how u been?
thats good, did u have a good weekend?
cool do anything fun?
cool u see your goat?
coool
so did u get all yoru homework done young lady?
lucky u
do u procrasinate?
oh okay
u good girl you
i always put things off for my assignments and then do all nighters
i know but i do it all the time
im a bad boy
cause i put off my assignments til the last minute and i like being naked all the time
lol
u like bad boys?
well im very smart thats why im going to be a cpa 
yeap
u are smart too
nah u seem very smart love
and im sure u will make lots of good money at whatever u choose to do for a career
awesome i bet youd be good at that
u like animals alot?
good 
you will be good at that then, but can u stand seeing animals dying? 
man i want to cuddle with u right now 
id kiss u all over too
whenever i thnk about you, i get all tingly inside
do u get goosebumps when u think about me?
and i space out and daydream about me and u too
do u ever daydream in class?
sorry i forgot, what do your frineds say when they see u daydreaming?
sorry honey, what do they say?
and wake u up huh
gotcha
i still think you should write about me in your notebook
awwww that would be so cool though
they wont, cause u cankeep that part in your packpack at all times 
:(
they wouldnt see it
no one would know
was it a note about me?
thats true, we started talkign on waht day?
and ive fallen for u big time
ive fallen so hard, that u need to catch me :D
and pull me in too
im glad i can make u laugh
u make me very happpy
thats good my love, im glad i can
whenever i thnk about you, i turn to mush
i have caught myself drooling
cause i thnk u are so hot
i especially love your skirt pics
your legs are very sexy, and i want to be cuddlign next to u when u wear one
id have my hand on your leg
if you would let it be there
okay nite love
sorry love been studyign for a math exam tomorrow in alegebra
luv ya lots
:-*:-*
ive had a busy day with school and such love
ive missed u lots
:x
you hvae my heart baby
keep it safe please
dont worry i wont hurt it love, its safe with me
what u wearring love?
im in shorts and one sock, i just got done showering 
yeah mom has to help me put one sock on, cause i have joint problems and cant get the left sock on
kiss'
im rubbing myself love
i love being your man
i hope to stay with u forever
i want to marry u 
k nite im going
go to bed together
:D
love you more
lets go together 
hi
yeap im here, where were u?
i said hi and i never got a answer til now
thats crazy i hate yahoo sometimes
yeah cause i never say u answer me
i luv ya lots
:-*
how was your day?
did u do anything exciting?
cool i got my test back from math today :(
nope i only got a 53 out of 100
and hes only letting us get back 6 points if we do the whole thing over again usign notes
yeah i will end up with a 59 which is a \"F\" but its only one test, so if i do good on the rest i might end up with a B- for the class
or a C
yeah id be happpy with a C
my brain was like feeling drained that day, and they only give u 1hr to take the test
so i wasnt even able to get to like half the test
>:D<:-*:-*
k nite my love
will dream bout us
nite love you alwyad and forever
hi
sorry it took me so long to get here, i was playign darts
how u been?
awww me too love
had a busy day
i had a test in speech class, and a math review
then i went to darts tonight
at a place called the american legion
yeah its fun, everyone who pays the $5 gets some sort of meat 
yeah like hamburger, chicken, turkey, lunch meat, tv dinners, hams, etc 
yeah but id rather have u instead
tonight i got a small turkey breast thing
yeah can cut it up for salads or sandwiches
i cant wait til we meet love
its going to be great to finally meet u
yeah around that time, if thats a saturday
yeah then that will be when i come then, for that saturday only
by bus and get off at the everett station
no i cant get that far, i thought u were going to be in everett again
i cant get there, there is no bus there
nope i have only got enough for hotel room and bus
if u cant do it for spring break at that time, then maybe we could do it for the summer
k 
if it cant work, might be able to spend more time for summer though
alright hun
your sweet
i hope u can get to everett that day
u will have to let me know
>:D<:-*
k good, so are u ready for bed?
I LOVE YOU SEXY!!!!!!!
me too, we can sleep together, nite
hi im u pset
the church i go too, is not letting me go to church this weekend, til i have a meeting with a couple of the pastors next week
cause of my criminal history they were worried about me
they said its to protect everyoen who goese to the church
nope cause i had to fil out a application for a kids program at the church now
yeah they said if i want to do the volunteer programs or even go to that church, i have to talk to them first
yeah they said after that, i mgith be able to do the serving things i do like greeting, tech crew, or kids rock, but iwth stipulations, whatever that means 
yeah
i luv ya
:-*
i wish i had a webcam
would u strip for me on it, if u had one?
u could probably get away with falshing me
i want to cuddle with u
see i think my church thinks im going to do somethign stupid while at church
no they probably think id flash some chick there
or jerk off in church
which is sily i wouldnt do that
i got busted one time while in tech team looking at pics and talkign sexual to u i think
i think so one sunday morning 
or saturday nite
its okay i shouldnt have been talkign dirty to u i guess
i also got caught at school jerking off to your pics too 
yes the library at school
i had my dick out of the top of my pants 
strokign ti good
yeah cause u make me so hot
i cant help it
i love you alot
:-*:-*:-*
how has school been?
been thinking about me alot?
me too
everyday
cool
luv ya
will love you no matter what
i been writing a journal about us, i think u should do that too
thats why u get a locked one
u should buy one if u dont have a locked diary
how much do those cost?
ic
:-*
baby u make me so hot and horny
:-*im so happy i have u as my gf
good
k nite love, wish u could stay, i can only be on a ittle bit more too
nite honey
hey thought u were goign to bed?
wish i was joining u
what did u have to check?
id love to join u everynite
hey sexy yes i am
how are u doing tonight love?
im horny n hard
but also lonely
wishin u wer ehere with me
:-*:-* i wanna make love to u so bad
have you figured out how to get to everet yet/
i hoep u can, otherwise we will have to wait
i know i dont want to hold it off any longer
yeah i want u bad
i wanna make love to you passionly
yeah
:-*:-*
do u want me bad too
good baby, are u ready to loose yoru virginity?
good im ready to pop your cherry then
im the perfect size for your first time
luv ya always and forever
good im glad honey
wish i could go to your bed tonight
id love to join u everynite
i know it would be nice
what u doing my love?
ic, u going to leave and go to bed then?
iclove
maybe u should if u cant stay awake honey
okay nite my love, talk to u soon, 
sleep tite and dotn let the bed bugs bite 
nite
i willl nite my love
sneaks up behind you and puts my hands over your eyes and says, \"quesss who\"
hello u get what i just said?
hehehe ok not sure didnt get any response back form it
its okay
ive missed u lots
how much u missed me sexy?
me too
icant wait for us to meet
its goign to be hot
we will have a blast
wish u could have been with me today when i was walking, we coudl have gone into the bathroom at the park and had fun, no one was around
would u have liked that?
yeah it would have been very easy to have gotten away with, cause no one was in the park to notice 
so i could have snuck u in the mens restroom and went into the stall
nope the bathrooms have heat and besides even if it was cold, our having sex wed be sweating
yeah sex is good exercise, i sweat when having sex all the time
yeah it would have been so much fun
id fuck u all nite long too
or til we got tired
god im almost cumming right now
:-*:-*
wish u could taste it
would u taste me?
my cum is sweeet but somewhat salty
id taste your cum
dou ever cum?
try yours sometime
i eat mine all the time when i cum dont want to just wipe it up 
and waste it
yeah and i want to cum allover you baby
i cant wait to be naked together
all nite long when i stay the nite
i am going crazy
crazy in love baby
yeap yeap
wish u had a bikini pic or nude pic
if u had a bikini pic or nude pic would u show me/
darn would u let me take one?
if i had a digital camera
me either that sucks, have to buy one soon
then u could take one of me naked too, and i could email it to u
if i did that how often would u be looking at my dick?
yeah like when u are laying in your bed, orwould be every chance u got?
i will workign on getting digital camera, might be summertime though k
i gtg for now but i might be back, if i dont get back before u go to bed, then email me k
if not then offline me and tell me u went to bed
bye for now
nite my love
i came back honey
did u miss me
good me too kisss kiss kiss :-*:-*:-*
heheeh u blush easy huh beautiful?
k
sorrry im looking at your pic and jerking off
your so sexy to me
i want u so bad love
i wake up hard sometimes, caue i know im wishing we were naked in bed togegther everyday and nite
i still think u should run away from hom love
okay its just a thougth love
god i hope we can meet
have u figured out a way to everett yet?
okay let me know either way k
if we cant do it, then we can always do summertime k
i know but just in case have a backup plan k
sorry love
:-*
goodnite sorry i was falling asleep too
hi
hi are u around?
okay what happend?
are u here?
have u missed me?
i missed u too, hey someone says he knows me and that i have you as a gf? 
really
some guy
im serious, i didnt save what they just typed, but let me show u the last thing he sent me k
: 
there u go
oh okay
they said they are a a fbi agent
im serious he did
:-*:-*
luv ya
wish u were here
what u been doing?
oh cool when?
nice
so why do u have to bring food tomorrow
those arent nutrutioous
ic
ic
oh okay
i ate some wheat spaghetti, cream of mushroom soup, vegetables, and chicken mixed together
yeah so it was a nutrious thing, i am taking a weekly class 
me too, the new one right?
yeah i saw that
i am making a wheat mixture similiar to biscuit
tomorrow afternoon
really how they taste?
ic try one for me k
cool
i really tihk about u alot
thats good
u think about me daily?
thats good
you wait for me except for the nites i dont come online til real late
cool
that gusy said some chick is scard of me
that fbi guy says that some girl is scared of me, or someone is using my acount
want to see what else he just said to me?
k hold on
i have it saved to my pc
kevin mccausland: why dont u telll me what the name is, it might be someone else who has been usign my account too u know
kevin mccausland: come on maybe it was someone using my account that did it
kevin mccausland: if they were scared they woudl never talk to me
kevin mccausland: oka sure
i belive u
so u think hes bluffing
he said hi im from the fbi and that he knew i was talking to some 12 year old as my gf
and that he had logs of what i have been talkign about
and that he got it from the isp
i dont think he knows nothing
i think so too
u should send him a im and see what he says 
i bet he woudl hit on u
i think u should to see what he says
aww thanks sweetie, luv ya
do u have other guys on your list?
i have a couple of female friends, but no im not cheating on you, are u?
okay just checking
i bet guys hit on u at school huh?
hahaha, why u think that?
oh your real nice
what kinda things they do to make u think there dumb?
oh like when trying to get a girl to like them?
so have u been able to concentrte at school while thinking about me?
i know but its hard not to think about me while in class huh?
i am horny love
u like that huh?
yeah i am in my bday suit right now
wish u could see
i know youd be all over me huh?
mmm yeah and id do the same back to you too
id help strip u
nite honey wish i coud join u
:-*:-*
hi cant talk long im doing homework on a essay k
but wanted to say i missed u lots
wish u were here sexy
:-*:-*
i ned your loving
and i know u want my loving body too
thats good
i love you sexy
tickle tickle tickle
im so ticklish
are u ticklish too?
im ticklish all over
i am so horny love
i know baby i need u with me
u sad cause u feel same?
thats sweet of you my love
hold me baby
why not?
thats a good point, oky well i got to go do homework, nite m ylove
miss u always
nite sexy
hi
whats going on?
oh cool how is em?
cool em is your friend right?
she the same age as u?
cool i bet she likes older guys too huh
thats cool, i bet u dont like him huh?
oh okay
is he a jerk?
well thats good then, how long they been dating?
ic, this ems first bf?
oh okay, have u had one before?
oh cool what was he like?
was he same age as u?
ic
:-*:-*
luv ya sexy
wish u were here now
wed have a hot time together
i want u bad
baby your always on my mind 
i hope no one ever finds out about us 
cause id be in big trouble
id go to jail
yes they want me to get a report from DOC and from a therapist to see what they recommend, like maybe me having some aftercare
in other words more therpay
but i dont think i fit in with molestors and rapists 
yeah and all i ever did was exposure
kinda sucks being classified with violent sexual predators huh? 
if i had to do a therapy program they ask questions about who i talk to and what ages 
they make u take polygraph tests so i could lie about beign with someone like yout, but id fail the test 
yeah they would ask questions like, Have u ever talked to any minors on the internet
or something like, what kinda things do u talk about when u go online with a girl
yeah a couple of times
and i always failed the polygraph test
u know what other kinda test they make u too?
its called a pothismograph machine
where they hook a ring type thing around the penis and they show u pictures of naked woman and nakes boys
and see how much you are turned on by them
they range in age as young as 6
then they have u try to see if u can change your thought and not be turned on by young girls or boys
i was always turned on by young girls, even as young as 6 
yes cause of being aroused by little girls, but i was able to control urges properly though 
althouth now its hard
if scared that if i had a girl that i might get turned on if she wore a sexy dress
i might touch her
but only if she came on to me
i know thats bad huh, u probably think im crazy huh?
do u think its wrong for me to like girls who are only 6? 
but dont worry cause i only love you
lets talk more about this tomorrow nite k
i am going to bed now my love, wanna join me?
i know or youd do it in a heartbeat huh?
if i lived near you, i bet youd sneak out huh?
well im going to bed, nite my love
talk to u tomorrow nite
nite my love 
willl miss you sexy
work on getting more pics of yourself k
:-*
hey love where u beeen?
oh okay sorry i didnt get on last nite
me too love
i bet so am i, but have to do essay revison to turn in tomorrow
okay my love, talk to u tomorrow nite k
i loveyou always, 
late rmy love
hi
thanks u too my love
wish i coudl have spent it with you
did u thnk about me while u saw people kissing?
me too, i wanted to do that with you
>:D<:-*
did any of your friends get valentines at school?
wish i could have sent u one
would u have liked that?
maybe next year we can figure out a way to do it k?
if u want me to send it to your school
if i did that would u have me make it anomonous, or with my name on it?
>:D<:-*
true, what about your bday?
drats, well what other holiday can i send u something on?
what would u like, flowers, or what wouldu like?
k but i wouldnt put my name on it k
that way only u would know who they are from
like that ideal then?
okay sounds good then
would u send me stufff too?
can u borrow some for like a card or something?
my bday is coming up on april 3rd love
mm i will let u know when times gets closer k love
i love you
might have u send it to my friends place, so my parents dont get suspicous
i love you lots
u could also send a ecard too, i jsut now thought about that
ever sent yahoo greetings?
k
your awesome
u make me happy honey
:-*:-*
what u wearing?
nice take them off k
awww why not?
bummer
im jerking offf now
hot huh?
:-*
so scale of 1-100 how much u want me?
cool
like near 80 or higher yet
gid
i lovge you lots
god i want u so bad
what u doing?
awww me too love, 
u goign to go to bed then?
k
waiting for me huh?
awww thats sweet of you
i get off in 20mins
:-*
your the best love
well i thnk im going to head to bed k
nite sexy, love you always
hi there
whats going on?
me either just got home
what was that?
awesome and im at home now
yeah i was at the legion
no this was dancing to music
yeah it was pop music
yeah wish u could have slow danced with me
it would be nice
luv ya lots
really oh cool sounds like fun
awesome
wish i could
yeah could u teach me to ride?
oh u dont have one huh?
cool, can heavyset people ride horses? 
ic
:-*
what else u do today?
oh fun i had school too
i was very excited today for my english class
becasue i thought i was goign to get like a \"B\" on my second essay
instead i was shocked, when he wrote on my paper, that it was a breakthrough paper, I got a \"A\" on it
yeah i was bragging about it, thats my first A in english, this is my second try at taking this class
last time i got all c's til the end, then i failed
better watch out love i am very horny right now
i am naked too
u like?
id keep u warm
is yoru house cold?
how come?
so u wear sweatshirts alot then?
ic, how many blankets u wear at nite?
nice
baby i want to rub u so bad
cant wait to meet you, u figure out how to get to everett yet?
i hope u can do it
or id be bumemd cause then wed have to wait til summertime
luv ya lots
thanks sexy, 
i think you should get more pics honey
dont u have a regular camera?
bummer sweetheart
maybe someday soon
wish i could send u a digital camera
yeah i think u can get them for under 100 now right?
have to look into it
cool u can spend the moneyon whatever u want right?
cool
yeah that woudl be cool, then u could email me pics  
straight from the digital camera
that would be awesome, then u could let me see your pussy from the camera
then delte it huh?
so i can have it foever to look at when yoru not with me
then u can take one of my dick too when we meet
:D
sound like a plan?
k
are u getting tired again?
awww catching the cold or flu?
k lets hope its just a cold
yeah
maybe u should go get your rest now love
nite
hey baby whats up?
nm just chillin
yeah missing u lots too
wishing u were here now
yeah it would be nice to cuddle with u righgt now im cold
aww im sorry
really waht is the news?
awesome
yeah where is it?
really that mean u can meet me then?
that woudl be cool when woudl that happen?
cool make sure u let me know k
oh right on, who would she be with?
will u be able to get away then to meet me during the day?
cool i hope so
i owuld love tomeet u sooner
then that could replace our spring break meeti9n ghuh?
well or both
if u can find a way to everett
okay cool, where aboutrs in bellingham is it?
ic well ihope its during the day, im only in town during the day k
i hope its on like a friday cause i only have one class that day, i get done by 1pm 
could spend a few hours with u on a friday
yeah that would be hot, we could meet at a park or something
or at bellis fair mall
sounds good, maybe we coudl fool around in the hotel during the day
yeah it woudl be, that way wed be protected from the rain
would be nice, hope its close by wehre i go to school at
yeah i hope we can meet hten
yeah would be hot
i love you so much, and i cant wait to share my love with u
yes it will be hot, does em know about me and u?
if i meet you, are u goign to tell her?
maybe shed get turend on by me too huh?
what if she did?
but her mom is going to be around her too though when you come up here
then while they are gone we can go to yoru hotel room?
yeah that would be hot, but what if they came back and caughtme?
is it safe for us to go there?
yeah might be best huh
i love you 
so u are finally able to say that to me huh?
that is awesome im gald, your feelings have grown for me huh?
cool im glad
what u wearing love?
nice u should strip the bottom half off
its okay love
okay nite let me know when your coming and what hotel k and what day, i hope its monday or friday
hi
how are u doing?
what did u find out about coming to bellingham to get that horse?
i wish it was next week cause friday is very busy and so is saturday
i wish it coudl be next weekend
yeah that woudl better for me anyways, then we could meet
cause this friday is so busy
:-*:-*
luv ya sexy
wish u were here with me now, im so horny
really how horny are u?
oh okay bummer
luv ya honey
i want to be in your arms and protecting you from strangers
i want to make love to you
yeah maybe in that friends hotel huh
i hope it happens and i hope its not this weekedn, maybe next wekend instead 
whenever it happens it is going to be a hot time together
:-*:-*
what u wearing sexy?
i naked like always babe
i want u so bad
i can explode right now
i know u want to taste it huh?
ic
i love you more then words can expresss
hi
how are u doing tonight, love of my life
u mean everything to me
well this week is almost over, so i wouldnt be able to do it this week remember?
so its okay dont cry love, you will get her soon
:D
yeah i have a doctors appointment right after school tomorrow
yes its for me to get on some sort of ssi 
since i have a hard time being able to stand or sit for long periods of time, my joints are messsed up thanks to my gout
its something that affects your legs and joints, and sometimes u can get swelling from it
i also have a partial blockage in my left lung too
yeah it is, i have a hard time getting my sock on my left foot, caue i cant bend it up
i know your babie is in bad shape, but youd take care of me huh? 
thanks thats why i love you, but dotn worry all of this does not affect making love baby
:-*:-*
dont ever let me go
i want u forever and ever til we both die
we are going to be very happy
u already are very happy huh?
can u ever picture yourself with anyone but me?
aww thanks, so im the only one for u then?
so wahts new in your life, am i on your mind all the time?
okay honey, goodnite wish i was joining u tonight
boo
your up late huh?
cool sorry im so late
so whats goign on with you beautiful?
awww can u stay on a little bit longer for me?
okay thanks my love, ive misssed u so much
about 10 or 15mins k
so like maybe til midnite?
>:D<:-*:-*
so u find out when your friend is coming to bellingham to get the horse?
awww okay honey, are u sure your going to come with them?
since it will be so close to where i live at huh?
i can picture yoru reaction when you heard they were coming to bellingham to pick up the horse huh?
does your freind know u have a friend who lives in bellingham?
ic, so did she ask why u wanted to go with them?
:-*:-* awww thats great
she same age as u?
thats cool, i bet u wish u had a horse huh?
yeah maybe someday me and u can buy a horse for you
id do anything to help make u a happy person
cause yoru my special angel, almost like a daughter to me
okay well im your boyfriend but like a dad k?
okay then just your boyfreind then
i love you lots gf
yoru always on my mind baby
aww okay if u were here, you coudl fall asleep in my arms
nite my love, it will soon i h ope
sleep tightly and be safee k
talk to u soon, email me sometime
hi
whats going on my love?
really awww im sorry my love
I LOVE YOU BEAUTIFUL
your my sexy honeybuns
have u ever heard the cupcake song?
oh i wish u had myspace, can u go sign up for myspace, then id share the video with you
really u do?
would u add me on your myspace?
well can u send me the link to your page?
thanks sexy
so its set to private huh, would u allow me to add you, u dont have to add me yet though?
bummer my love
do u have a few pics on your page?
ic sweetheart, well i luv ya k
>:D<:-*:-* kisses u all over your body
cant wait to be able to do that to u for real
on that weekdn your friend comes and gets the horse
oh wow really okay make sure u let me know by the time we talk k
like by email friday
or u think they will be here friday?
thanks sweetheart, i wish it was the following weekdn though
cause i have a doctors appointment when i get out of school on friday
but nothing saturday
but would only be able to visit for an hour or so, i have school friday but can visit on saturday
well id be able to visit this thursday between classes, my first class ends at like 10:30 but dont have to be back until 2:30
so that might work too
so i could stay in the hotel from like noon til 2, unless u wanna go to that park bathroom?
so you would do both places then?
probably meet at my school or at the mall
where would we meet at then?
yeah the park that is right off of  close to the freeway, called 
yeah its right on the bus line
the 15 and the 4 or 3
yeah so u can ask someone how to get on the 15, then ask the driver where the park is
its about a 10min bus ride for me
down the road from it
yeah so wed have fun, 
i am getting hard just thinking about u naked with me
hope u touch it alot when we meet
and i willsuck your nipples too
u like that huh?
ever had a guy do that?
glad i can be yoru first then
i love being risky too, by doing things in the restroom
can u bring a blanket?
try cause the floor is kinda cool
its concrete
:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*
well try to unless u dotn mind that cold floor?
no cause i dont have anyplace to carry it, id look funny too
yeah of course once we get goign, we will be hot right away
your the best love
we might just do kissing, cuddling and some touching the first time though k
okay bye let me know for sure k
sounds good love you, let me know for sure on wednesday k
i migiht not be online tomorow nite 
so see you on wednesday
okay nite my love
hi
your here too huh?
nice
love ya
any word yet for thursday?
damnit i hope not, i hope its next week instead
no i have a doctors appointment after school at 1:30, and those last over 2hrs normally
well i have class at 9:30am until 10:30, then the next one from 11:30 until 1
so i hope the pick up is next week instead
i hope it is, next week woudl be better love, cause thats not enough time to meet and get back to class
god i hope so cause it would be a bummer missing the chance to spend time with u
especially when youd be so close to me
we will figure it out, i crosss my fingers that its for next week, or thursday
k thanks love, your the best, i at least want to see u for a half hour if anything at all
we could kiss and cuddle in that time
that woudl be fun  huh?
brb honey
i love you, im just lokign for my pin number for my financial aide app
sorry i froze up
i love you
wish u were in my arms tonight
woudl be nice huh?
you so sweet and lovable
and you make my life very happy
are u ticklish love?
im ticklish all over
i know me and my big mouth  huh?
stupid mouth, 
now you will be able to torture me
i am hard rightnow
i know u want to touch it huh?
soon baby soon
then we wont have any time to do much unless u sit next to me somewhere and kinda reach down and rub me under a table at the school
mine is not a regular college, its only a community college, only 3 buildings and they are together, u wouldtn get lost
just ask how to get to wcc
why?
please honey if its friday thats the only place to meet
well maybe but i got that drs appointment at 1:30, have it no later then 1
that might last for 1hr
if its friday i have a drs appointment love
maybe after it, but my bus leaves at 3:3o
3:30, but i dont know how long the appt. lasts
well it takes like 15mins to get down to the park and i cant be late for class
it wold be a quickie
true so maybe
will try my best mabye we can at least hug and kiss huh?
and i might be able to suck your tits and rub your pussy too and u might be able to suck me while we are in the restroom at the park
would be real quick though
there is a girls and guys restroom both under a picnic area, next to a playground
at oneof the picnic tables under the cover
then we can sneak into the mens room
no one is around this time of year normally, so it should be easy to get u in there
i bet im making u wet huh?
try touching yourself quick k
after we fool around, yoru goign to want to do it lots
u will probably masturbate at home after we meet
cuase u will like the feelign of something in there
your tired huh, okay nite sweetie, i cant wait to meet you
awww okay nite honey, love you lots, cant wait
okay yes let me know if its friday or next week k
nite honey
HI
cool so i would get down at school at 10:20. so would be at park by 11 or so k
or like 10:45, i have to be back at class by 11:30 though
no i am broke sorry
really tahts hot
awww im sorry but i dont have any pics of me
like what u want a piece of my clothes or something?
i am giving u my body baby
dou have a camera?
i did but cant find it
dont have money to buy one, can u get one?
i know but i am complety broke til after april
i am so sorry love
true i will think about it k love
i have to see if the card program works still okay love 
i will make u a late valentines day card
awww thats sweet love
its going to be great, maybe i can be late to my class too, or skip the next class
or could we meet after my drs appointment, or do u want it to be earlier?
ic just dotn seem like much time, but even 15mins is better then nothing right?
okay that might be all we have time for k?
i love you so much
:-*:-* what hotel u staying in?
find otu k and i will tell u where to get the bus at, it woudl be the number 4 or 3 bus, its 
maybe or u can email me before u leave right?
they should be able to help u love
everything will be great, but im worried about cops that patrol the park though
thats true
cool honey
probably getting horny huh?
just worried that we will get caught and i will go to jail
im not planning on it love
but people look at what goes on though
no im goign to be there, but just a little worried is all
i am naked again
yeah i am naked
i am going to go to bed soon too
wish we coudl spedn the nite together
that woudl be so hot
i cant wait to meet  you
okay please try even if its from the hotel k
k
okay i hope so id be disppointed if i dotn see u there
u remember where i said to meet at right?
yes right under the covered area next to the playground stuff
so i get out of classs once again at 10:20 will get down there on the bus at 10:40
sounds good sweetie, 
i am not sure waht i will wear, are u going to wear a skirt for me?
yeah but id warm your body with mine
i want easy access to your pussy baby
okay wear sweatpants over the skirt or change in restroom then
can u wear sweatpants over a skirt?
its okay, and dont wear panties eitiher k
yes cause youve been a good girl
how good of girl are u?
what time u leaving at?
okay well nite then love, i will bring the card if u have sweats and skirt on with no panties
nite
try to come online tomorrow nite though if u can
love what color top willu have on, or coat type?
k talk to u soon if we dotn talk then see you on friday at 10:30 or so
how come you wernet at the park, i was there, but all i saw was a guy in a green jacket, and some guy in a suit with a camera, was that a set up< just wondering
so u werent there then?
those guys sure were looking at me funny, i wonder if they somehow got into my account to trap me?
do u think thats possible?
i wonder if i am being monitored by the police
whats a pw?
gotcha honey
i know u havent love, 
i might not be able to make it on the weekend of the spring break cause i have to spend time at doctors office that weekend, im sorry
willo make it up to u somehow but not sure when
well the ekg looked good, but they want me to do some tests on that spring break friday and saturday, and observe me in the hospital with xrays and such
they want to see how the clot is doing, so they have to put some die in me to see how it flows through different intervals 
i know it sucks, maybe there will be other chances for u to come visit me
cause i dont know how i can afford the trip anyways, my mooney is going to go towards rent and bills, plus mom wont let me go
i was wearing blue jeans with no underwear, a tee shirt with black jacket, and i had a snowcap to cover my head 
and i had my packpack too
yeah me too 
i stayed til about 11, keep looking over towards the tables to seee if anyone showed up
i am still thinking the guy with the suit was a cop and he might have taken a picture of me while i was walkign through the park
yeah so i hope u understand i am very cautious now okay love
a mall would be better i think, then go from there
yeah but not directly at someone
plus u dont see guys in suits either
it was the type that detectives wear when they are on the field, so i thnk it was him
yeah i am almost postive it was a dective following me
i wish i had a webcam love
yeah at this same time again
woudl u showme yourself on webcam if u had one?
would u get naked on it?
if i had a webcam id show u me rubbbing my penis
i bet that woudl turn u on
damn okay if i miss u then im sorry
but i will be back on sunday at my normal time of midnite, i go out on fridyas and saturday nites to dance
so u have to get offline now then huh?
okay nite sweetie, its ok
talk to u soon, if i miss u tomororw nite, talk to u on sunday nite k
love you always beautiful
nite hotstuff lovergirl
hi
me too honey, whats going on?
that sucks
i loveyou
wish u were hree sexy
wed have fun huh?
do u want me?
i want you more sexy
so what did u do to get grounded?
shame on you, what she say to u to make u do that?
your a bad girl, u need a spanking by me huh?
id spank u still
it would be gentle playful ones though
with me naked
yeah that woudl be fun wouldnt it?
id let u spank me back
what u wearing?
i am in shorts only
yeah wish u could rub me
why not?
too bad
love you lots
:-*
wish u were here
i want u so bad
cool
that sucks
hope the next can be better
cool
u leave babe?
did she ground u again?
really talking to me?
oh yikes thats not good, how long she grond u for?
thats good
u not supposed to be online at nite?
honey im horny
i love you lots
i want u bad
aww dotn frown
your the best
what u doing honey?
awww ims orry
u going to bed?
nite my love
hi
whats going on?
me eithier im naked
wish u could see me
i want to see u naked too
i ned u right now honey
i know we have to meet sooon, u have to figure out hwo to get to me i think though
k
sorry im back
yeah u go right by me
yeah u have to pass through blaine
but she wouldnt stop in birch bay would she?
or bellingham cause id be in town
okay cool woudl u be there early, casue i leave at 5
k
k thanks love
u naked?
i am love
u like that?
io know would be better if u could suck and touchit
would be nice
i love you honey
i hope we can have a good life
i think we will, cuase u make me happpy, i want to make love to u
but what happens if i get u pg?
would u keep it?
okay cause i want to hve one with u love
ic how many more years u got?
wow thats awhile who knows where u will be by then huh?
thats good then we can live together after u graduate huh?
do u want that?
cool i hope we can last that long honey
:-*
im so hard right now love
and im rubbing it
i gtg hone ylove you always
nite nite
hey cutie, whats up?
bummer love
but will u stop in the bellingham at all?
thats next friday?
i have an appointment with my doctor at 1, class from 10:30-12:50 k
oh maybe bellis fair?
yes my doctors appointment is right after class on friday
so not sure when id be done
i hope i can see u, cause i have to go home by 4
at what time?
this friday that would be the end of my class, shit shit shit
fuck fuck
:-*:-*
for what?
not relaly i was just giving u some kisses
sorry i got booted, baby im hard
no caue like i said classs from 11:30- 12:55 then doc at 1:30
so i wont be done til after 3
i know im sory love its the last days of quarter, and next week im gone
i know im sorry sweetheart,
no its my final for my classes and the doctors appointment is to hve  echo test done at st. josephs hospital
i ned to get going, i need to get somethign writen for my rough draft
nite honey love you always
hi
whats going on, did u guys go to canada yesterday?
how come?
oh more time up in canada, or would u stay a few days in bellingham?
oh bummer wish it was here in bellingham
well there is bellis fair mall, and there is the waterfront and birch bay too
if its summertime, u can go to the birch bay waterslides and also go to the go cart/mini golf place
do u like waterslides?
do u like mini golf and go carts?
u should come to birch baby then, or blaine
well blaine is where the state park is, well actually birch bay more
and tehre is a candy shop and lots of restuartants and the waterfront in birch bay baby
:-*:-*
i went to the american legion hall with my friend, and played pool, and danced 
wish u could have been there with me, but u could only be there til 8 at nite
yeah then they kick out minors
id love to slow dance with u close to my body love
id have my arms around u dancing real slow and wed kiss when the band says kiss your partner
okay nite, love you always
:-*
hi
how are u?
im good
my name is kevin
nice to meet u nina, gives u a hug and kiss
>:D<:-*
really oh cool, how old are u?
is that u in the pic?
your a cutie
and im 31, is that okay?
cool
so how are u doign today?
me too
how come your bored?
ic, so where abouts in bellingham are u?
sorry u dotn have to tell me u are uncomfortable with it
your so cute, wish u were here with me
id give u a big hug and lots of kisses
sure, would u let me?
cool, do u ever talk dirty?
cause i kinda have a hard on right now just thinking abotu u sexy
yeah do u like that cutie?
i wish u could see it
would u touch it?
i live in blaine but come to bellingham all the time
yeah but i bet your parents dont let u go out alone though right?
oh im sorry to hear that
mom probably dont let u go out alone though
:-*:-*
ic dang cause id love to see u in person
yeah would u like that sexy?
well if it was at your place, wed cuddle and kiss and maybe more
i might rub your nipples if u let me
so u home alone now?
nice what are u wearing cutie?
sounds cute, u got webcam?
bummer
me either
if i had webcam, id iprobably show u my penis
yeah do u think if i was there alone with u, would u suck it?
yes and i would maybe finger and lick your pussy too
id love to be your first cutie
yeah if youd like that 
want to be my secret gf?
u have to promise not to tell anyone though k
cause if they knew u wre dating me, they wouldnt let me talk to u 
especially yoru mom, and she might take away the net from u
yeah then we wouldnt be able to talk
do u ever go to the mall?
what about the bus?
where abouts in bellingham are u, if u dont mind saying?
okay its cool
:-*:-*
thanks cutie
so are u my secret gf then?
cool thats awesome, i hope we can met sometime an dhave fun together
yes hold on k
k yoru on there
i love you sexy
are u glad u have a bf now?
i know it will be hard to keep it secret from your friends right?
they woudl probably freak out huh
what u think they woudl say if they found out?
hey do u go to chuch?
oh u should talk your mom into going to cornwall on saturdays
at the 4:30 service
i go to 2 churches
cause i like them both
they are 2 diffferent styles of churches
i love u cutie, im glad i started chatting with u
your a sweetheart
i dotn work right now, i do volunteer work at bellingham library
are u a student?
cool, what grade u in?
thats cool mind if i ask what school?
i go by there all the time on bus
yeah u live nearby there then?
awesome do u normally walk home after school?
okay well i have to go for now, maybe we can chat on here again soon
are u ever online at 1pm?
during the week
okay well email me anytime k cutie
smileman74@yahoo.com
is that your email?
so yoru email is what then?
k thanks email me soon k
and i will write back on tuesdays and thursdays
bye for now, it was nice chattign with u, i hope we can meet someday
>:D<:-*:-*
love you cutie
talk to u soon i hope
bye sexy, i love you my sweet gf
no my parents wouldnt like it, can i call u?
when is she normally gone?
drats so i cant get away with calling u then huh
bummer, okay maybe when i get my own plaec
otherwise just ahve to talk online by emails if u arent online k
love you and i will talk to u soon beautiful
your my sexy girl
:-*:-*
bye my beautiful princess
hey hope all is goign good for u, i miss chatting with u, and i think about u daily
kisses and hugs
yoru man kevin
i miss u lots, wish u could be online during your school hours so we could chat
>:D<:-*:-*
i miss u lots, wish u could be online during the day, so we could chat more.  kisses and hugs
your loving boyfriend kevin
>:D<:-*:-*
>:D<:-*:-*
hey sweetie, its about 1:30 on friday afternoon, im at the library, and thought id sayhi and say that im thinking about u alot lately, and cant wait tomeet u someday
hey are u here, its 3:30 on wednesday
i love u,
i cant figure out how to get what u write to me on myspace
i wish u were online right now im here til 4pm then im taking my bus home
parents must be home huh
well anyways i love u and miss u, email me again k, will be online tomorrow, want to meet me soon?
will be online at 1pm
love u, i dont know when we can chat again, im not in town much anymore til i start school in april 3rd my bday
hey whats going on, can u tell me how to read what u wrote on myspace, i dont know how to do that
hey i miss u lots
wish i could be online all day like before, maybe once i get my own computer
yes for about 15more mins
i have missed u too sweetie
not for awhile why?
oic
your a sweetheart
i luv ya lots
have u been thinking about me alot
thats good, do u think about me when yoru at school?
>:D<:-*:-*
hey i noticed last week alot of kids were outside running aroudn the school
do u have to do that everyday?
oh just wondering what time u did that at
>:D<:-*:-*
thanks, where is my kisses?
thank u sexy
so do any of your friends know u think about me?
or is it still secret?
thats good
so what time are u outside doign the running?
so maybe one of these times i will see u as i go by on bus, or while im walking
oh drats
was hoping to spot u while u were out there
your constantly on my mind beautiful
i think about holding your hand
giving u lots of kisses
and then just what it woudl be like to hang with u
id only go as far as u wanted to go
do u think youd do more then just kiss me, like maybe some touchy feely?
would u let me rub your nipples?
its okay, there is still the nipples
yeah why u ask?
where are u at?
drats, wish i was near your place right now for a quick visit
we have to meet sometime soon after school
u want to do that sometime?
when would work best for u?
okay maybe this week?
what park are u near?
what streeet is it on?
well i have to go catch my bus, talk to soon k, email me alright and let me know how to read the thing u said about me on myspace
email me and tell me where the comments are at 
i dont see them there
but i have to go  my time is up, talk to u soon sexy
i love u, and i will miss u, and let me know where the park is at
love you lots beautiful, my loving girlfriend
>:D<:-*:-*
bye for now beautiful
i wont be in town til monday after school
bye for now
my bday is on monday, send me a yahoo gretting card k
hey i miss u, but i am very busy with school, so i dont know when id be able to meet
so where are u moving too, i hope its not too far away, i hope its still in the same general area
>:D<:-*
hey whats up u, i am heading home in about 10mins got to catch bus home im so tired
yeah that is what u said, when u moving to a house?
im not sure when we can talk
busy week this week
will u still be in same area?
thats good, how far from where u are at now?
ic, my church had a talk about sex this weekend
yeah saying sex should wait til after marriage
i do cause i still have urges, even when everyone says its wrong
some think your trying to set me up though
well there have been lots of things on tv about busts for guys like me
who dont care about age
meaning undercover raids
wehre u go to meet someone and they end up being cops
okay i just want to make sure, dont want me in jail right?
thats true u wouldnt see me for years
umm maybe tomorrow afternooon
should be at library by 3pm k
>:D<:-*:-*
u should meet me here
thank u sexy
i luv ya lots
can u come to the library?
thanks i loved the cards u sent me
yeah there were sweet
u should say more about me on your profile or your myspace thing 
id have to find one to give to u, all i have is my old pic on my profile
right click on the picture on my profile and u can save that pic
jsut say u love a great guy, an du think of him all the time
luv you more honey
what u wearing right now?
oh nice any panties underneath it?
okay well i should go fo rnow, have to catch bus, try to come to library upstairs tomorrow k
luv you more, and im hard right now just thinking about u
talk to u soon my love, keep emailing me sexy things about us
:-*:-*:-*
bye for now n sweetdreams my beuty queen and princess
i am going to go rub myself in bathroom, just thinking about us, made me get a hard dick
think about that and email me soon
love you with all my heart and soul
hi
hey sweetie, did u come to the library on tuesday?
i was on the computer, but never saw u, or neither one of us recognized each other
hey are u online today, i will be onlien til 3:50 then heading home
luv ya
if we dont see each other, just email me and let me know what u were wearing if u did come to the library earlier this week
hi there
hey are u enjoying spring break?
did u get moved into your new house?
hey whats going on with u?
i miss u lots
hey whats up
hey are u around, or did u get kicked off the net?
hello 
hey whats up hun?
havent heard from u in a long time
hello areu around anymore?
>:D<:-*
hope u are doing okay at school, i go by there daily thinking about u
hi i guess your not talking to me anymore, u must not have liked seeing me that one day at the library
i hope your okay, did u get computer taken away?
where are u?
hey did u get kicked off of yahoo?
hi
hey where are u at, did your mom cancel yoru service?
hi
whats goign on with you?
are u going to talk to me anymore, ilove you still?
>:D<:-*
i love you
are u here babe?
talk to me please
hey wahts going on, are u around?
I LOVE YOU SWEETIE, AND WISH U WERE HERE
do u stil live near me?
hey why arent u talking?
i love you
hi anyone here?
i love you ots
lots
i wish u would talk to me
hi
are u around, lets chat honey
do u not like me anymore?
why dont u talk to me anymore, i stil like you
i love you
hi
