hi, how is your evening?
Same...just trying to pass time...what are you up to
21 m franklin...you?
thats cool...what part 
yup
You have any pictures?
oh...which one?
white shirt or pink?
Sorry the lights are turned off in my room.Hard to tell
Very beautiful hun
My pleasure
would you like my pics?
http: //pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph/goodbody1330/album?.dir=81ce&.src=ph&store=&prodid=&.done=http%3a//photos.yahoo.com/ph//my_photos
there is the link
thank you hun
So anything you like to know about me?
no
why? heh
do you have a b/f?
what happened?
oh...sorry...that's happened to me twice..i know how it feels
how old was he
would you ever date a 21 y/o? heh 
ok well...I'd love to take you out sometime if you want. Maybe even make your friend jealous hehe
of course you need to get to know me better first
how so to what? haha
talk to me before I ask you out so you will know if you will like me or not
what else would you like to know? What do you look for in a boyfriend?
well i can do that very easily
no...DONT hook up with your friends...i want you not them
no I'm not a mean person
anything else? :)
cute, short, fun to be around, loves to cuddle and kiss, is a big tease, wont cheat on me, will never lie to me
no, as long as you dont mind that im 21 haha 
haha...is that your favorite?
ill drink any kind...but really I like spiced rum
its hard liqour...but its spiced so you can drink it straight and it doesnt taste as bad as the others
It will grow on you heh...i have two bottles if you want me to bring them whenever we hang out 
So you like me?
Thank you...once you talk to me a little more you'll know that I'll never hurt you
Everything...exercise, football, golf, basketball, tennis, play video games, drink, board games are fun hehe...im easily entertained...i could have fun poking something with a stick ;) hehe What do you do for fun?
shoping is fun too heh...i love movies
especially disney, comedy, and horror
Want to see a movie this weekend?
thats cool
so if she leaves me and you can hang out?
good! I hope so...I'd love to see you
at least get some more pictures online :P
hehe
well i have to have pictures of my girlfriend!!! hehe I guess we can take pictures with my cell phone hehe 
pictures of you...and a few of us together
What do you want to do if your mom leaves? 
will there be anyone at your house after she is gone?
Well I can bring my rum and me and you can have our own private party together if you want ;) 
we can drink, dance to music, watch movies, cuddle, kiss and make a fun evening out of it 
you're shy at first aren't you?
Well i will get you past that really quickly
easy...as soon as you open the door...if you're alone I will pick you up give you a big hug and kiss you...then tell you how happy i am to see you...and how beautiful you look 
good i dont want you to be shy ;)
like what
what is the most you've done?
with a guy...how far have you gone?
hehe...what stuff? dont be shy
you lost your virginity already?
ohhh
Well me and you can do whatever you want then...im not going to make you do anything you dont want to
hehe i dont mind...my friend kittinn lost hers at age 12 
i dont think any less of anyone..it's their decision not mine 
baby? lol aww hun...i would never think that...if you want to try sex we can...if you just want to touch and kiss we can...or if you just want to cuddle and watch a movie im happy as long as im with you 
if it was up to me...everything lol...you're the sexiest girl I've seen...i would love to teach you whatever you want to know hehe...be your first...but if you just want to go slow..we will take it slow 
that is what a condom is for silly heh
well if you want me to have sex with you i can get some 
i do
hehe thats great...so we can watch movies and cuddle...kiss and make out...then head up to your bed room and touch eachother and have sex 
yup...we can get drunk if you want too...if it will make it feel that much better
haha...tastes good to me...its very strong...nothing like the weak Mikes stuff haha...just a few drinks of it will get you drunk
lol thats what i thought...ill bring some soda to mix it...so then you wont get too drunk 
hehe forgot to ask huh? I was wondering when you would
Josh
Jessie
yay
what do i win
of course...just depends what time...I have work
In cincinnati
I lift heavy boxes all day
heh
i only work tomorrow until 3...then im off all weekend ;)
yup
yes i do
do you?
ah...how are you going to call me? lol
yea but it will show up on the phone bill haha
the # you dialed and everything
I can call you if you want
oh...ok
ok
513-652-4109
5 lol
i know lol...but ill be fine. especially if i get to see you
in the afternoon?
i gold mercury cougar..its crappy lol...im getting a convertible in July
gold heh
its one of my favorite colors
lol its old...it's...93
the year you were born right? lol
yup
so should you...dont you have school?
together? sounds like fun! haha j/k....ok i will
thanks you
:-*
:) thank you hun cant wait to kiss you for real *kisses you*
so what time are you going to call me...5:30 after your mom leaves?
yea i can try to be online...if not just go ahead and call
yes
now that i can dream about you
sweet dreams Jessie...pleasure meeting you
bye beautiful
Hey hun
It as fun...yours?
why not heh
of course 
You still want to see me? haha
Has your mom left?
an hour and a half away
What? heh
ok
:-*
Its ok
You need to listen to your mother :P
Thats right daughter 
Sometimes...heh...I'd have to be to come see you...I could go to jail just hanging out with you  
No I'm not...if I was I wouldn't come over :P
oh it doesnt take much for an hour drive...besides you're worth it
yup...i want to spend as much time as possible with you...when will your mom be home
So it's you and your mom only living there? lol How does she trust you to stay home alone? Thats awesome
Hehe good point...where is your dad? Are they separated?
ohhh
what time do you want me there? and how long do you want me to stay?
seven? lol
lol how can i decide??? I'll be so confused heh
you have an easy solution for everything dont ya haha
heh yay
sure if you want....give me your address and ill leave right now so i will be half way by time she leaves heh
unless you just want to meet me somewhere
haha ok
if you want
what all do you want me to bring?
you still want me huh?
just making sure...i dont want you to do anything you dont want to do hun
hehe what do you want
alcohol and condoms...yes ill bring them
of course...i wouldnt forget me
513-652-4109
yea i should be
lol dont worry...i can handle it 
heh thanks for the concern hun
ok..bye hun
:-* i will...ill leave in 10 minutes
bye hun
