hey
yes!
yea
about 6 hours i think
maybe shorter... but it is far
yeah...ur cute!
yeah thats cool
i dig punk rock girls, goth girls and skater girls
i think they're sexy!
yeai see on ur profile that ur bisexual
Chris
but u are attracted to them?
u have the right attitude
wish more people were as open minded as u
i feel the same
damn
what would she say if you and i were to date?
u wouldnt tell her right?
hey
i'm here
trying to find another pic to display
yeah...the top of my head is cut off though
there's one for ya!
my hair's longer now
sorry
hold on
there!
better?
hmmm
k
why cant i send it from here? thats strange
ithink so
when i logged on it said that u were using a different version
u need to upgrade
lol
do up
wow...ur comp must be full
brb
ok...just sent 2 pix from my hotmail account
k
can i ask u a personal question?
are u a virgin?
i don't
did u like it?
lol
it gets better
awwwww
did he at least hug u afterwards?
good
how old was he?
and u were 11?
lol
oops
thats right
in march right?
i will
yes i read and remembered
if i was there u would have to kiss me for remebering
k
thanx
yeah...he's really handsome too
eyebrow, both ears (2 hoops in my right ear and one in my left) and both of my nipples are pierced
no wait...i have a stud and a hoop in my right ear
hold on...phone call
i'd let u get one if u lived with me
lol
oh yea
cool add me
lol
u lied about ur age
bad girl
dont worry...ur secret's safe with me
lol...u read my comment?
nah nah nah
leave it
about?
lol
hey! guess what?
i'm Pagan!
yea...i've studied alot about the Wiccan religion but i haven't been initiated yet
u have to study for a year and a day first
so i classify myself as Pagan because that's a \"blanket\" term that encompasses all of the old teachings
oh really?
on whom?
do me!
now i'm blushing
k
yea
;)
hey
roommate/on again...off again girlfriend
we see other people though
yea
ummmmm
i dont know
u talk
never watch it...i hardly ever watch tv...just DVDs mostly 
and South Park
yep
would u have sex with me if we were to go out together?
lol
well yeah...of course
i could take u to a movie
we could make out in the theater
wow
so u dont have a bf now?
awww poor u
serious about what?
taking u out  to a movie?
well...i'm not sure when i could come down
and u would be home alone?
no sisters or brothers?
lol
me either
only thing is...i dont have a car Dana
i would have to ride the bus
we'll think of something
and make out?!!
lol
are u a good kisser?
lol
i must warn u though...my hands will wander
u wouldnt mind if i felt u up would u?
cool...u could do it to me too
phone call
my roommate
hold on
k
hey
lol
lol
it is far so dont get too excited
k
i'll keep in touch though...maybe u could come here
u could stay with me and my roommate...she wouldnt mind
o REALLY!
yep
yes she is
soooo..what if ur mom came home early?
k
leaving when?
we could make it a weekend
do u snore?
because if u do.....
i'm not sleeping with ya
lmao
hey...how much do u weigh?
like 90 lbs?
ok
nah
the hell u say
thats not fat
so how far would u let me go when we make out?
yes
would u touch my dick?
oh yeah...i'd let ya
would u suck on it?
i'm getting excited
i should stop
anything
u pick something
lol ok
u like cheese huh?
we can talk more about that if ya want
what city do u live in?
never heard of it
it's 405 miles from me
i know
hey...whats the nearest big city to you?
how far?
the nearest city that has a Greyhound station
i was on there
i'm looking at a map and LA seems to be closer
yes?
only one problem...i dont have a license either 
but!
$200 would cover the bus fare
hold on
how close is that to you?
well...busfare to LA is 47.50 for a round trip
are u sure Corona has a station?
thats the address of the station?
from the greyhound site?
i cant find Corona on there
k
i know
there's Colfax, Colton and Compton but no Corona
how far?
shit...hella far to be calling a cab
lol
damn
hold on
calling
automated system...damn it
\"if you'd like to kill me, press 1\"
jebus....so many choices!
i'm speaking with an agent
patience
that makes 2 of us
so how would u send me the money?
hold on
she's checking
no service to Corona
Riverside
hold on
yeah the closest is in either Riverside or Perris?
do u know Perris?
$118 for a round trip 
lol
it's Riverside then
Riverside is 13 miles from u
approx.
depends on the addresses
hmmmm...getting to your place would be the trouble
yea true
it would cost hella
u sure u wanna send me ur money?
well...u could wire it Western Union but...i think it cost like 15 dollars to send money
hmmmm
we'll think of something
lol...i have no doubt that u do
i'm hella broke right now from xmas and all...and i don't get paid for another 2 weeks
so....we'll think of something
dont stress about it right now
will u be online tomorrow?
lol...stop it
ok
we'll chat more tomorrow
i have to go make something to eat for me and my roommate...it's my turn to cook
and she'll be home in about an hour
Western Union
yes?
lmao
well...u know what?
if ur mom's gonna be gone all weekend...
why don't u come here?
u could leave Sunday night and be back home by Monday
hmmmm...that does present a problem
no i'm saying that after u came here and all...u could return on Sunday night
ummmm...lol i dont think so
is there anyone to babysit him/her
any friend u could trust to come over and feed and walk him without telling on u for leaving?
damn
is it an outside dog?
well yea...but he lives in side?
lol
ok...well u coming here is not an option then
nah...i have more time
she just called to say that she was gonna be late
she works in San Fran and she rides the train from here to there and back...she missed her usual train
lol...she has no car either
can i watch?
u back?
yep...i peed too!
lol
already finished...u can hold it for me when we meet each other though
>:)
yea
i'm glad i met u too
siwwy girl
:-h
emoticons are so gay
is there a homo emoticon?
:o)
that close enough
lol
thats my bike
i ride daily
so i'm in pretty good shape
man...i ride everywhere
except there
too far
duh
i know
soooo...where's ur mom now?
not home?
i c
so what kinda movies do ya like?
cool
i wanna see the sequel to Underworld that's coming out in a few weeks
true
i like movies that are thought provoking
seen it!
love that movie
seen those too
didnt like the third as much as the first though
well....the fight scene with Mr. Smith was pretty cool
is it in theaters now?
i see
hmmmm
let me see..i have a Netflix subscription...i could order it and bring it along
maybe...or i could bring the first Blade movie...have u seen it?
i own it
oh yeah
lots of vampires
and cool special effects
wanna watch the movie trailer for Blade?
here's the link
http://videodetective.com/home.asp?PublishedID=7631
click that and when u get there u have to click another link to open the player
see it?
lol...hold down the CTRL key when as u click the link
it is
yea...i look hella goofy though
she has a beautiful smile doesn't she
she's 28...9 years my junior
my hair is pulled back into a ponytail...it's shaved on the sides
u can barely tell
awww...ur pretty too
well...when ur 28 i'm sure you will be
u have alot of prettifing to do yet...if ur cute now then i can only imagine what you'll look like in 16 years....WHEW! WOW!
thanx
k
umkay
can't date 37 yr olds either but u are, aren't u?
ok
see ya later
and it's Western Union not United
lol
think of me tonite?
quick question?
do u masturbate?
i take that as a yes
dont be
u can tell me anything
cool...i'd be flattered if u thought about me tonite and masturbated
bye bye Dana
:-*
hey Dana!
good!
i've been missing u
where've u been all day?
i see
work..i work at home most of the time
freelance web design, graphic design...that sort of thing
it can be
ok..check this out...just go to the website and it will give you all the info
http://www.westernunion.com
whats ur city again? Corona?
k...hold on
zip code?
there are a couple of different locations that u can send from...here's one
SKY COUNTRY LIQUOR
sound familiar?
or this one?
CIRCLE K #2700337
there's a couple of them
well how far are u away from one?
do u have a bicycle?
lol
do u know the El Torito meat market on Limonite ave?
i used to have one of those
well you can send from there or one of the Circle Ks
write down my name...Christopher Hyatt
hmmmm
brb
i'll think of something then
how often does ur mom leave for the weekend?
ok
i see
did ya think of me last night?
i did u
did ya masturbate?
;)
u did dint u?
u naughty little girl
i like u
did ya think about touching my dick?
yeah? and what else?
really? cool
ur mom would have a fit though
I'm sorry for leaving so abrubtly. My internet connection went out and I wasn't able to get back online until today. A technician had to come out and re-calibrate the phone line. I hope to see you later on today. 
hey
been busy
just stuff
work
good
and u?
good good
is ur mom home?
k
i see
i have a surprise...if...
lol...my roommate left her cell phone here today and it has free long distance 
i can call u if i can
k
awwww
now?
lol
well...my roommate might freak out if some young girl is calling me
u could call now b4 she gets home but ur mom has the phone
oh i see
cell?
if u want to ok
my number is....***
so how was that?
what?
lol...i am, dont u see me?------>
can u see my pic?
ok just checking
and no ur not a dork
i think u sound really cute too
i just wish u could loosen up a little...i bet u have a sexy voice when ur relaxed
can u turn the ringer on the phone off?
i dont get it
do u have a cordless?
oh i see
because cordless phones usually have a switch on them to turn off the ringer
mine does
what about this? can u put the phone under something to hide the ring?
ummm ok
dont worry about it then
yes!
me too
i'm going to look at ur myspace pix
well thats all u have baby
shit nvm...myspace is acting retarded
wait....have u seen the new pics i posted?
because i have bills sweetie
go look
have u been touching urself when u think of me?
when was that?
lol...fun with makeup on new years
nah...make up
eye liner orsomething
my friend did it...she  was playing with make up and it turned out so cool i asked her to do me
she's my girlfriend/friend/roommate/soulmate/fuckbuddy
mortal enemy
lol
we see other people though
uh huh
its cool
i dont know how she's react to a young girl like u calling me though  
nah...not jealous as long as i tell her
im older then my age my mom says 
i dont know....and u sound really young too
nah i like it
i think its sexy
i was stroking myself when we were on the phone
me too Dana
it will happen though
yes
it was really hard too by ur voice
i wish i was making out with u
kissing ur lips
and ur neck
and ur ears
wispering in ur ear how pretty u are
and how much i want to fuck u
ur not a virgin right...u said that you've done it once?
and with whom again?
yes
there u are
ok
what r u wearing?
thats not sexy
lie to me damn it
lol
how recent is that pink tshirt pic? 
have ur breasts grown any since?
what size r u?
oh my
thats nice
i bet they're firm too
mmmmm
lol
would u let me kiss them?
lick ur nipples?
really?
anything i wanted?
yea
i am
u think so right?
thanx
nah...she makes more money from me and she's still broke
lol
she has school loans to pay off
yeah i know
this weekend is the last shot for awhile huh?
i see
why dont u just send the cash by mail
i mean...i know its risky but...
yeah
i've done it b4
oh my
yea
can u condense it? u know...go somewhere to get a couple of hundreds and 20's?
true
i wish u could just run away to bewith me
that would be so much cooler
well i know that i like u already
wouldnt u like for me to be ur daddy?
brb
back
k
can i watch?
yes!
so did my voice turn u on?
is that it?
come on...u can tell me Dana...dont be embarrassed
lol...did it make u think of all the things that u would like for me to do to you?
cool
i've had fantasies about us being together
yea
since we met i've fantasized about being with u
would u be \"daddys little girl\"?
was he big?
true
i wish u could lick mine
would u put it in ur mouth
its about 7 inches
so would u? let me put it in ur mouth?
am i making u uncomfortable?
ok...because i'm really turned on right now and i wanna chat dirty to you
can u touch urself for me?
keep doing it...lol
think about us together
yea
yeah that's one that i didnt post up
lol
how bout that one?
eating...sorry
i'm gonna log off for awhile k?
u there?
lol
i just came back to tell u good night
i'm beat and am going to sleep
i know....but i've been staring at this monitor for most of the day
my eyes are tired
ok
probably not...u would have to send it tomorrow
nvm...i'll see what i can do
oh cool...well if u come close to a Circle K u can send it that way
or will ur mom be with u?
ahh i c
right
ok...see ya soon
think about me tonite
bye bye Dana
and i will of u too
man u got me soo excited on the phone
hey sweetie
lol
truth?
horny
so whatcha up to?
what happened?
that sux
awwww
i wish i could be there tomorrow but i dont think its gonna happen
i'm not gonna lie...i cant get the money in time
i suck i know
lol
do u still have my whole name? because you'll need to give it to the person who takes the money so i can get it
Hyatt
lol...yep
too bad i'm not related
yep...then u could come live with me
no, it's transferred electronically
when u go there...they just take the money, charge you a fee...then i go to a location here and give them my name, they check my ID and give me the money
yeah, there's a little more to it than that but that's it in a nutshell
yea
u can do that
in case this happens, you should give me your address and phone number so i can tell the cab driver
****
cool
phone number in case i get lost?
i wont call today sweetie
promise
i wont
i just want it in case we dont get in touch tomorrow
anything could happen
well..ok, i can't force it out of u
lol
if she only knew huh?
do u have any close neighbors?
ones that would see me coming over?
i c
i wish we didnt live so far away from each other
we could have already been together
do u?
lol
hey...could u call me again right now and say something sexy to me...then u can hang up
just for a minute
ummm i don't know....
like....
i'm toucing my little pussy right now Daddy, thinking about you
touching*
lol
please? for me?
thats a start i guess
yea...how many minutes do u have left?
ok
u shy little cutie
lol
thats not how ur gonna act when we meet, is it?
thanx...urs is too
yea its ok
i'm a little nervous too
you will be the youngest girl ever for me
yea
lol
k
hey
so whatcha doing?
ok
sure
hey
yea
first time since we met in there
uh huh
not all of them
lol...ummm no i dont think so
nah...i guess not
are u going offline?
oh no thats fine
introduce me to her
lol
u could share couldnt u
lol
sooo...i noticed that u said on ur page that you weren't dure about ur sexual orientation...care to elaborate?
mhhmmmm
oh really?
did u like it?
ummm...would u kiss Beth?
oh? why not? is she ugly?
is shecute though?
cool
how old is she?
cool
ok
i'd like to watch the 2 of u kiss
would u do it for me?
would u?
but u would if it was cool with her
yea french
lol
oh really?
cool...isshe hot?
so u would definitley kiss her for me huh?
yes i am
;)
how old is jenna?
do u have any pix of her?
lol...i'm just asking
sorry
i'm trying to visualize u 2 kissing
would u mind if i wanted the both of u at the same time?
awwww
sorry Dana
i wont talk aboutit anumore
u sure?
ok
awwww
cant chat with me too?
ummmkay
have fun
bye bye
hey
u there?
cool
did ur friends show up?
cool..Beth or Jenna?
hi Beth
what are u doing?
hey Dana! sorry i missed you. i signed in and right back out again...meet me here later on today. in the afternoon
bye sexy
Hey Dana! Sorry I haven't been online in a few days. Where have you been, baby?
sorry i missed you
but i cant stay on for too long
i'm ok
i missed u?
you could baby
i wish you could
for real?
awwww
poor baby
have you been thinking about me aot?
alot*
tried to get on?
oh i see
yes
can u call me again?
oh ok
a littel
little*
i'm horny for you baby
lol
do you still have my address?
i thought i gave it to you
maybe i didnt
well i'll give it to you later
you really want to come live with me?
true
yea
i have to get off in a minute baby
i know
meet me here tomorrow a little earlier
would u let me do anything to u?
no i wouldnt hurt you
but....
if we had sex it would hurt a little since it would be your first time
i'm not gonna lie
ohhhhh
duh me
lol
well no...i wouldnt hurt u at all
i want to fuck you Dana
and kiss u
and hold u
and caress u
tell me what you want to do with me
yes and your nose pierced
preferably earlier...how soon can u get on after school?
i want us to have all afternoon
ok then...do that
bye Dana...go do your homework, ok?
say yes Daddy
good girl
bye bye
hey...just got back in
-*
Not sure if you know of this website or not but just in case... http://www.witchvox.com
Will you run away with me?
Soon! I'll be in touch. You have to be prepared to leave with me, ok?
lol...hold on
i have to get some money together
wanna travel around the country? that's what i wanna do
u could be my \"daughter\"
u and me...take a bus from here to there and everywhere
not sure yet
yep
dollars?
cool...thats a good start
is ur mom home now?
poor baby
so sorry
k
i see....seriously...wold u miss her if u left with me?
would*
you know that i could get into serious trouble so u can't tell anyone, ok?
lol
good girl
we would have to be very low profile...are u ok with that?
we'll work our way there...of course u know that there wont be anymore school
lol...i'm sure you're cool with that
lmao
k
well...i just came on for a few minutes to see if u were here
believe it
it may take about  a month...but i'm coming to get u
i'll try to match ur 315
maybe more so we can get started
cool...how much more?
i see...ok u keep doing that then sweetie 
hold on brb
hey
hey hey....watch it!
i cnt wait to see u Dana
can't*
u gonna kiss me?
lol
with ur tongue?
lol
mmmmm
are u a good kisser?
well we'll see
if ur not i'll have to teach u
ur ok with that right/
yeah...u can get pierced
brb again...i have something in the oven that needs to come out
ok back!
i'm baking potato skins
mmhmmm they're gonna be
good girl!
make Daddy some sometime
u know what i can't wait for?
to feel ur lips around my cock!
will u?
oh yea..we will...u can pretend to sleep in my lap
can i cum in ur mouth?
well?
i've been told it tastes sweet
good girl Dana
you'll like it
mmmm i'm hard right now
have i asked u if anyone has ever licked ur pussy?
i'll lick it for u
ohhhhh no
my ex g/f siad it feels gooood
you'll see
lol...what do u mean\" does it hurt?
lmao
ur silly
awwww....come here and let Daddy give u a hug
nah
well it wouldnt hurt anywayz because the tongue stud is supposed to make it more enjoyable
it's used to manipulate the clitoris
seriously
right
u know where it is, dont u?
i know that you've touched it b4
right!
and it has a hood
yes it does
lol
nope
not a hood like a sweater hoodie
silly
not exactly
you've never touched urself down there?
yea right!
dont lie to me or i'll spank u
unless you'd like that
ok then
so whatcha doing tonite?
lol
well...you may not finish out the school year so it doesnt matter anywayz
i'm very serious...like i said we would have to keep a very low profile so you may have to change your appearance once we leave
i dont know...we'll think of something
nah...subtle changes go a long way towards deception
because u know that ur mom will report u as a runaway
red is cool
how can u be sure?
really?
you'll tell her that and leave?
and what did she say?
nunh uh
hold on
brb
ok
but she woul check up on u at Rachel's house, right?
would*
oh i see
a few days? what b4 she checked on u?
?
i see
hmmmm
what about the rest of ur family? like ur dad? aunts or uncles?
cool
get all u can get..lol
any other family that would miss u?
cool
good 
this could work sweetie
hmmmm....you wanna get on a bus then and come here?
realistically...yeah
it depends
what are u talking about? taking a cab to the bus depot?
from where?
ummmm...you dont want  to do that
cheaper by bus
whats the name of the town u live in again?
brb
it's approx. 406 miles sweetie
so yeah...a cab would be too expensive
cheaper by bus
ok
hey i have to go finish these potato skins...they should be cooled by now...i still have to scoop out the inside and bake them some more
what were u gonna say before i go
lol ok
me too Dana
see u tomorrow?
lol i will
ok then bye bye
-*
u there Dana?
well, i dropped in to say that i was thinking of you and miss you...see ya soon sweetie! don't forget about our plans!
well i'll see you online hopefully. i'll be here!
are u online?
r u there?
HEY!
so where have u been?
how ya feeling now?
poor baby
i've been thinking about u
nah i'm here
yea?
you know that u can never come back, right?
lol
im depressed
not really
most of them think i'm too old for them
lol
yeah, they're close-minded
and why were u worried?
awwww
i've been sending u messages havent i?
yep tottally
did u see the profile i forwarded u? Marihuana?
i see...
k...here's a little inside knowledge
thats me too!
yea
i want to make a marijuana advocacy profile
i'm still working on it
for people who support marijuana
brb...have to brush my teeth
can i tell u something random?
when we are finally together, you do know that there will be lots of sex? r u ok with that?
lol...ok ok
nah nah it wont
what do u think i'm gonna do to u?
not at all...it's a little bigger than average
7 inches
brb
i know i know!
they're the only ones that will accept my add requests
i've been trying to get some guys on there too
i'm serious
that guy Allan is the only one so far, i have like 6 more pending requests for guys
well, except for Tom's gay ass...but he doesn't count
ur getting a little jealous, arent u?
uh huh
so would u ever share me with another girl? you know...have a girl join us having sex?
lol
ur not ugly
how long is it now?
thats a good length
all one length?
cool
screw her!
yep...u tell her that ur new Daddy said it was ok
i put u right beside of me in the friends list
;)
so talk to me sweetie...tell me what you've been up to
how long were you out of school?
wow
what did u have? a bad cold?
glad ur feeling better now
)
-t
lol...just had to see what that one did
D
and horny
D
whats ur bra size again?
i'm all flat baby
i have a boy chest
yea
not overly hairy though
yep...bet you'd like to run ur fingers through it, huh?
nah
don't believe in it
it covers up the body's natural scent
i wear deodorant but thats it
as long as u dont over do it
good good
lol
do u have any hair on ur pussy?
lol...i forgot :(
you've been gone for a week,,what do u expect:-P
what is ur favorite food?
cool
i'm a vegetarian
i still crave beef though
so i cave in about once a month and get a bigfat greasy burger
why not steak?
lol
well...thats what it is essentially
cow muscle
what do u think ground beef is?
ok ok i'll stop
lol
change of subject
now those are just yucjy
yucky*
ask me something
anything
hmmmm?
good question!
YES!
several...i was in the Marines
Italy, Spain, Germany, Turkey, Iraq, Israel, Norway, and a couple more that i cant think of right now
i discharged in 1992
ehhh...dont be...because i really want to go back now that i'm a civilan 
going to those countries as a military person just isnt the same
well i would have to get a passport
i could...but i dont know
i really want to go to Canada
and live
awwwww
well....
be back tomorrow?
-*
and a kiss for my penis?
*holds it up*
lol
thanky
bye
wish u wouldnt go
how long will it take her to come in?
oh
REBEL!
lol
fight the oppression
see ya tomorrow
have you finished yet?
Hey sweetie, I was just looking over your page and noticed that you weren't sure of your sexual orientation. Have you ever thought about kissing a girl? If you have thought about it, then that's cool. What's even cooler is if you've actually done it. Hehe...I think it would be cool to watch you kiss another girl and then maybe I could join in and fuck the both of you. 
Anywayz...I signed back in to Yahoo but you weren't on so...Goodnight! 
LOL...hey sweetie! I noticed \"Steve\" on your friends list. He looks like such a loser! Dump him for me, baby! I'm much better looking than him, don't you think? 
Chat with ya on Yahoo tomorrow! 
*kiss*
Hey Sweetie! Add this profile please. 
Check this link: 
http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendID=52157251 
This is a duplicate email that I just sent to your Yahoo account. In case you check this first. 
Hey Dana! I'm neither mad at you nor am I ignoring you in spite of what you wrote in your Myspace blog. Yeah, I read that... 
Here's what you wrote, remember? 
\"someone that i used to think was for real is iggying me now and it hurts, i cant help that im not online all the time but i try and i hope he 4gives me bc i need for him to keep that promise. u know who ur and please talk to me\" 
I do forgive you for not being online that often. You mom's giving you alot of shit, huh? Well, I want to come pick you up this week. There's still a couple of things that I have to work out but I'm coming, ok? I'm going to give you a list of stuff to do... 
Pack one bag w/some essential items i.e. 2 or 3 changes of clothes, soap, shampoo, etc., and whatever else you think you might need 
Tell me where you want me to meet you and give me the address...the closest Circle K, perhaps? 
That's actually all I can think of right now, Dana. Hopefully, you read this today. I won't be able to reply to any of your responses until tomorrow. I've been kicked out of where I was living and only have internet access from the library. I'll explain everything to you when I see you, sweetie. Are you excited? I know I am!! 
So do those things for me and I'll email back. I should know more about coming to get you later. I'm thinking around Thursday or Friday. But I'll let you know. 
Until then, sweetie! 
Christopher...A.K.A. \"Your new Daddy\"
Hey Dana! Since I have not heard from you since my last email, I am forced to wait to come and get you. I can't just come and not know if you are ready. My roommate kicked me out with virtually no warning and am currently living on the streets with almost no money to speak of. But I will find a way to come and get you so we can be together. Trust me, Dana. 
I assume that your Mother has forbidden you access to the computer and that's why you haven't been online in three days. 
I'll be checking for your reply, 
Christopher 
I'm ok in spite of my current living conditions. 
I don't have long on here, about another 15 minutes. The mall sounds good if you can get there. Is it possible to give me an address? 
My cell phone is now inactive so there is no way to contact me except through here. 
Reply back, ok? 
I'll be back online tomorrow to check for your reply. 
Only a few more days baby! 
Thinking of you, 
Christopher 
So on what day will your mom drop you off there? Saturday or Sunday? What city is that mall in? I need more info. I may have a car to drive there but I'm not sure. 
I'm kinda having second thoughts about meeeting you simply because I'm paranoid about this being a set-up. Ever hear of a website called http://www.perverted-justice.com/ go check it out and you'll see why I'm paranoid. Nevertheless, I believe that you are for real. 
The library here is open until 5:00 pm and I believe they shut down the computer room about a half hour before closing so please reply before then, ok? 
Christopher 
That link I sent you is not porn. Perverted Justice is a website that has people posing as underage girls in chatrooms then when the \"underage girl\" and an older person decide to meet they arrest that person. 
Here's an excerpt from their website. It tells of their goal. 
Our goal is rather simple and specific, actually. A lot of people will say \"hey, you guys aren't ending pedophilia.\" Well no, we don't \"end pedophilia as we know it.\" That's not our goal. The goal of this website and our endeavors is to create a \"chilling effect\" in regional chat rooms and other easy targets of opportunity online such as social networking websites. Simply stated, we want to poison the well of these rooms and places by covering enough of them that even if you're looking for underage females, an extra bit of paranoia will cross your mind. 
We believe that regional chat rooms and social networking sites are the most ready and easy way for an individual to try to \"hook up with\" underage females. Many parents don't understand the harms and dangers their child faces by going into those rooms. Basically, you're letting complete strangers into your childs bedroom or frontroom. And since it's \"regional,\" these people don't live that far away. A kid goes into this cesspool, they're basically at the mercy of chance. Our goal is to help reduce that chance by covering these rooms to a point where we have an impact and create an atmosphere where such happenings become rarer and rarer. 
Additionally, we have the goal of turning the website into a conviction machine with as many information first agreements with police as possible. As of this writing, our Information First agreements cover over 2/3rds of the United States. These agreements have been invaluable in our endeavors to toss as many people in jail as possible. 
And this is from their front page...there was a big bust in Riverside!! 
Just because the main page hasn't been updated doesn't mean we're slacking. Laguna Beach police contacted us in January after the Riverside Sting of 51 internet predators over three days became public wanting to do the same thing right next door in Laguna Beach, California. Saturday, February 18th, they set up a place in Laguna and gave us eleven hours to see what we could do... the result? 13 men solicting our profiles for sex. Working the same area that we worked for Riverside... only two weeks after Dateline 3 aired... they're still out there looking for kids. 
This sting saw men from all walks of life arrive to be arrested, from a Starbucks employee all the way up to a lieutenant in the California Highway Patrol. Read the Orange County DA's press release here where more details are given by O.C. DA Tony Rackauckas. 13 men in one night is the fourth time in a little over a month where we have set a new national standard for the amount of predators arrested in one night in one county. Before Riverside, the record was five... a record we have more than doubled each night in the four nights we have worked large-scale stings with law enforcement in California. 
If you are a law enforcement professional and would like to know more about our operation, please read this link. A very special and public thanks to both the Orange County DA and the Laguna Beach police we worked with to make this happen, they were one of the first departments to contact us in the wake of Riverside and were a pleasure to work with. 
See why I'm paranoid!!?? 
I'm not coming. I'm sorry but I'm just too paranoid about going to jail for this that it's really got me freaked out. If you get a chance when you get home go to that website and read why I'm so freaked. 
I'll be thinking of you. 
I don't know, Dana. I'm just hella confused right now. I'll be online later on today so we can message each other about this, ok? I'm not sure if the library's computers will allow me to have Yahoo IM installed on it but I'll try. If not, then we'll have to message each other through here. 
Chat with ya later, 
Christopher 
No, I'm not ignoring you. I'm just trying to get some things straight right now. No need to worry, I'm a big boy. I'll be fine. 
Christopher 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
You never told me when it was but I hope you had a good one! 
Hey...what happened to your pic?! 
I actually only correspond with one other girl on my list but not even lately. I've been very low-profile as of late. 
I haven't forgotten about you, it's just that I'm unsure of risking anything with you. Even if you weren't posing as a young girl trying to set me up, then there's still the risk of me getting caught for kidnapping you of some crazy shit like that. 
I know what you're saying...\"But you wouldn't be kidnapping me, I'd be going with you on my own free will.\" Yeah, try telling that to the police. But I'll keep in touch. Take care, Dana.
New Pic
Is that you in the new pic?  
Are you ignoring me now? 
I sent you a message a few days ago from my \"Marihuana\" profile asking about the new pic you have up and you haven't replied but I know you seen it because you just logged in today. 
What's up, Dana? 
LOL...Damn! I just sent a message from my other profile asking why you hadn't replied yet. Guess I should've checked this one first. I'm a dumbass! LMAO! 
WOW! You look hella different in the new pic. You look older and....HOTTER!! Very sexy too! That's what I'm missing out on, huh? DAMN! 
I am not hooking up with anyone right now and I apologize for \"bailing\" on you but you have see this from my perspective! I'm paranoid about being set up and going to jail for trying to seduce a 13 yr old girl on the internet. Damn! 
As for my situation right now, I'm still living on the street! Just hang in there and keep checking your messages on here. I'll try to make this happen for us. Ok? If your Mom's ready to kick you out then why don't you just jump on a bus and come see me? If you want to be with a 37 yr old man then you have to grow up a bit, be a big girl and not be scared about riding a bus for about 10 hours. It's really not that long of a trip. 
Nah, I'm not back with her nor will I be. However, I am over at her apartment right now using her computer. We're still friends....so that's cool...I guess. 
I'm still living outside trying to decide on what to do with my life because it's come to a \"crossroads\" in my life right now. 
Damn, Dana...now that I've seen your new pic, I reaaallly want to see you. Do you still want to get together? I really don't mean to lead you on or anything or tease you. If we could just close the distance between us, baby...
Hey sexy! 
How are ya? Haven't heard from you in awhile.  
She's just a friend, Dana. You sound as if you're a little jealous. Why do you say that she is nasty? 
Uh huh....Suuuurrre. 
LOL! So how are you doing? Any new boyfriends? Or should I say, any new \"man\" friends? 
Religion camp?! Ugh! Sux to be young and at the mercy of your parents, huh? Should that happen, my advice to you is to wear a large pentacle around your neck while you're there. They'll like that! Hehehe... 
Right now I'm crashing on various friends' couches. Just hanging out. It's actually very liberating not having to worry about getting a job and paying bills but I know that I must do so soon. *sigh* Sux to be an adult too! 
Chat with ya later! 
Oh yeah, I really miss chatting with you too. 
Sorry, but I got sidetracked. Long story....tell it to you later. I'm still on my way! 
If you have any details, cell number?, where we could meet up?, on what day?. We need to organize something. I was thinking of maybe meeting at your nearest library. Would that be possible? 
Are you gonna reply to me?
I sent a message to you yesterday and today noticed that you logged yesterday but haven't replied to my message. 
What's the deal, Dana? 
I hope summer school is going well. LOL...I know, I know...you're hating it right? 
If you ever got your cell phone, then please give me your number. I am leaving for Riverside possibly as early as tomorrow. Wanna meet up!? 
I had no idea there were so many branches in your area! 
Check this link out and tell me you are close to either one of them. 
Let's stick with Saturday at the Norco library. 
No, I didn't get a car. I've been trying to sell my bicycle to get some money for a bus ticket ($64.50). The dude that was suppossed to buy it yesterday backed out on me. That's why I said that I could be leaving as early as today. Oh well. There is another guy interested though. I'm still waiting to hear back from him. Hopefully he will buy it today or tomorrow. 
In the meantime, wait to hear from me. I'll let you know something in the next few days. So keep check on your Myspace messages!! 
Love, Daddy 
Yes, bring your money, whatever you can carry and I'd prefer to get away as soon as possible. We could probably get a hotel room for the night and leave the next day. To where? Well, we'll think of something. 
Oh! And yes...We're going to get your nose pierced too!! 
How does that sound? 
Oh yeah....sure you could bring me some shirts. I actually need a few. 
Not tomorrow, sweetie. Plan for Saturday if all goes well for me here. On Friday, I'll let you know for sure. 
Ok? 
Yes, bring your money, whatever you can carry and I'd prefer to get away as soon as possible. We could probably get a hotel room for the night and leave the next day. To where? Well, we'll think of something. 
Oh! And yes...We're going to get your nose pierced too!! 
How does that sound? 
A question 
I'm just curious, but why are you so willing to leave with me after I have gotten your hopes up twice before and not come through? Not that I'm complaining.... 
I'm really trying, sweetie. I'm also hoping to sell this IPod I have and a cell phone which I no longer has service. So hopefully between the above 2 items and my bike, I'll pull together some scratch so we can be together. 
P.S. *crossing my fingers* 
Love, Christopher a.k.a. Daddy 
Yeah, I'm here for a few more minutes. The daily time limit on internet use is 2 hours so I have to hit and run all day. I've already been on for a half an hour so I need to log off soon and come back in about an hour. 
I still haven't sold anything. This chick yesterday hella-wanted to buy my bike but it was too big for her. Oh well. 
Tomorrow may not happen. How does going to the library on Sunday work for you? I'll keep pushing it back one day until I get this stuff sold and buy my bus ticket. 
I'm serious this time, Dana! 
Hey Dana! If you sent a message to my other profile, please send it to this one as well. I can't log into it for some crackheaded reason! Fucking Myspace!! AAAAARRRGGG!!!!
Good! Thanks. I'll most likely won't call until I'm close to you. Or I may just buy a phone card when I get some cash. 
Ok then. I'll keep you updated! 
I'm logging off now. Be back later! 
Bye Dana 
A new better idea 
Hey! I just remembered. 
Well, hold on...let me give you the good news first! I sold the IPod today for a cool $100 so that gives me ample money to buy my bus ticket, which I will do tomorrow. Unfortunately, I have to go all the way to San Jose...about 30 miles from where I am (Foster City). 
I still have yet to sell my bike though and I can't just leave it behind or bring it with either. I want to sell it. So what I was thinking is this...if I bought a bus ticket tomorrow for a week in advance, leaving next Sunday, it would save me $20. The tickets are cheaper when purchased a week in advance. 
I have a question for you. Do you think the mall is closer to the Greyhound station or is the Norco Library? I've already checked and the library is about 17 miles from the Greyhound. Could you give me an address for the nearest mall? Could you get your mom to drop you off there the following Monday? It would actually be better because there are more people which means less chance of anyone seeing us leaving together. 
Soooo....I got some cash so I'll go buy a phone card and call you sometime tomorrow. Does that sound cool? Try to get the phone from your Mom tomorrow. 
OK, sweetie....*BIG HUG and a kiss from Daddy* 
Good! You got this message! I didn't know if you did or not because Myspace was acting cracked yesterday afternoon. I sent the same message to your Yahoo email, just in case. How often do you check that anywayz? 
So what's the address of the mall? I need to know. If it's closer from the Greyhound station, we can meet there. Or just give me the name of the mall. I can look it up online. 
Sorry about selling the IPod. Didn't know you wanted one. I'll give you a big hug, kiss and a squeeze to make up for it when I see you!! 
I have a potential buyer for my inoperative cellphone today. That should bring me another $95. Goddamn it! Noone wants my bike!! I can't just leave her behind. If I sell the phone, I may just give my bike to someone, provided that I deem them worthy of taking care of her. 
I'll give you a call today. Not sure what time. Just be ready. 
Love, Daddy... 
Pulling weeds?! Ummmmm....sounds....lovely. 
I'll never have you doing that sort of crap! 
If you're online you better catch me now because I'll be signing off again in about a half hour. Try the Myspace messenger to get in touch with me. 
Good work, baby!! I bought my ticket today! I don't depart until 10pm 
tonite & arrivingn Riverside at around 9:00 tomorrow morning. So if you can get your mom to drop you at the Riverside City Library tomorrow morning, that would be cool. In fact, that would be AWESOME!!! 
This is for real, sweetie!!! I'm on my way!!!!! Oh...I forgot to tell ya...I cut my hair hella-short!!! It's buzzed. 
Anywayzz....I'll most likely meet you out front of the library. I'm sure you'll recognize me. I'll be wearing khaki pants with a green long sleeve button down shirt and carrying a green messenger bag. 
See you tomorrow morning!!!! 
Big Hug!!!! 
Just to confirm...Let's meet at the Riverside City Library. The one that you Mapquested here. That's most likely the closest. Again...good work! I' m not sure what time it opens but i'm assuming around 10:00 am so I'll be there when your Mom drops you. If I don't see you by 12:00, I'm gonna freak!!! LOL....I'll call the number you gave me. 
Check this....sometime today....delete all of my messages and delete me as a friend. Write down any necessary info on paper and delete whatever is online. You know the deal. Myspace has been in the hot seat lately with child-abduction cases. Understand? I don't want any online links between me and you. 
WOW!!! Tomorrow, baby! I'm gonna scoop you up and kiss you!! Ya wanna have sex in the library bathroom? 
Hehehehehe.....I can't wait! 
Love from Daddy! 
I'm here at the Main Library RIGHT NOW!!!!! 
Ok...like I said...I'll be waiting out front of the main entrance on one of the benches. If I'm not there, wait for me...I may have walked over to the liquor store for a soda or beer or something. 
Can't wait to see, sweetie!!!! 
Again...THE MAIN RIVERSIDE LIBRARY ON MISSION INN!!!! 
LOL...Bye Bye!! 
I'm still waiting!!! 1:30? *snores* 
