You're beautiful!
I think you're gorgeous! Come visit FL, and I'll take you out!
Yes why?
No I'm single. You
Do you have kik?
I'm adam btw
Snapchat?
Hey Erica, it's Adam (NiceGuy) from meetme 
What's up? 
How are you cutie? 
Having a good day? 
Nice Guy Phone: Doing good, even better now that I'm talking to you. What are you up to? You in school today? 
I'm sorry, at least you can text though, and see your friends 
How come a cutie like you is single? 
I hate games, and I don't cheat, lie, or hit. 
I'm not too old for you? 
That's good to know, wouldn't your parents be mad though? 
Lol 
You're bad! 
When's the last time you visited FL? 
You're only an hour and 45 minutes away from me 
Really? You're so close! 
Maybe I can show you the beach sometime! 
Are you ever allowed to stay the night somewhere? 
So what class are you in right now? 
That's cool, so what do you like to do? 
You're almost done for the day aren't you? 
How was it? 
What are you up to? 
You're quiet, are you wanting to chat? 
Nice Guy Phone: Okay that's cool, just text me when you can and have time, I really want to get to know you more 
Nice Guy Phone: Good :) 
Hey cutie 
What are you doing? 
About to start cooking, what are you having? 
How long have you been single? 
That sounds good, it's been about a year for me too. Have u dated an older guy before? 
How old was he? 
So I'm a lot older then 
You sure? 
I'm not looking for sex either like most guys 
Age is just a number, it's your personality that matters 
Nice Guy Phone: Don't get me wrong I love sex but it's not the main thing I'm looking for 
Are you looking for just sex? 
Good 
What u mean everything 
I was just curious 
Maybe! We'll have to hang out and see how it goes 
Nice Guy Phone: Do u wanna have sex with me? 
I wanna hang out and have you spend the nite 
What's the oldest guy you've been with? 
How old were you when u lost your virginity? 
Are you wanting a relationship too? 
Yeah 
Yeah maybe 
Has it been awhile since you've had sex or do you have a friend with benefits situation? 
No not at all 
What makes ya wanna do it with me? 
Did you like it? 
It's normal especially if you've never been with someone before 
What kind of movies do you like? 
When do you want to hang out? 
I know, I can pick u up. Do you wanna stay the night and go the beach the next day? 
We could do it Saturday evening 
Wanna? 
Cool! 
Where u want me to pick you up? 
Your house? 
Cool do you have a swimsuit for the beach? 
Bikini? 
I bet you'll look cute! 
You'll be able to stay the night right? 
We'll only have sex if you want to 
Ok cool 
Good me too 
How come u only did it once? 
? 
Right after? 
Ok Talk to you later! Text me 
Night 
Good morning 
How you doin beautiful? 
Is there anything you wanna do when we hang out Saturday that you haven't tried yet? 
What 
Like anything 
The sky is the limit 
For instance are there any beach activities you would like to try? 
Or food? 
Or sex stuff 
I figured you haven't done a lot that's why I asked if there's anything you want to try 
You have any ideas? 
Ok if you think of any let me know 
Did he go down on you? 
Can I? I love that 
I love it, all real men do 
Boys might not, but what do boys know? That's why you want a man right? 
Did you go down on him? 
Did u like it? 
It doesn't matter to me if you want to do it or not, it's not a must have. 
How long did u have actual sex? 
Lol that's about right for your first time, I can last longer than that, but I'll leave it up to you 
Did you feel any different after? Did it hurt? 
That's normal and shouldn't happen when we get together this weekend 
Where did he finish? 
Yeah when he came 
Did he use protection? 
Did u cum? 
Do I need to? 
Hello? 
Oh yeah sorry forgot you were at school my bad 
Do you want me to use one? 
You won't get preg I promise 
I've never gotten any girl preg 
Cool? 
How's school? 
Have you thought about where you want me to pick you up yet? 
Ok whatever is best for you, you gonna bring a bag with clothes and your swimsuit? 
How tall are you? 
What color is your swimsuit? 
Nails 
Stupid phone, I meant to say do your nails match your suit lol 
Do you like tall guys? 
You there? 
Is around 6-630 ok to pick u up Saturday? 
My bad I thought you were out of school by now. When is the best time to text with you? 
Do they not like you texting? 
That sucks, didn't they get you the phone in the first place? 
Do you think around 6-630 will be ok to pick you up Saturday? 
Perfect! What's your zip code so I can calculate the drive 
It'll take me exactly 1 hour and 45 minutes to get from my place to yours 
What time Sunday do I need to have you home by? 
Ok no problem 
Got any cute or sexy outfits you can bring? 
Like cute or sexy panties or bra's. Is your swimsuit a bikini? 
We can always go shopping if you don't have anything 
Both what sweetie? 
Nice bring them. we can always go shopping too if you want 
Have any boy shorts? 
Yes 
Will you try on different outfits for me? 
Awesome. I'll have a hard time keeping my hands off you lol, hope that's ok 
Do your friends know? 
Yeah or that you're gonna hook up with an older guy 
Do you think they'd judge you? 
Do your friends like older guys? 
You have a friend that will cover for you though correct? You will say you were at her house? 
Lol sorry I'm just a curious guy, I'll stop 
Anyhow I'm super excited to see you Saturday 
Do ya wanna hang out awhile or start having sex when we get back to my place? 
Just so I know, I don't want you to think I'm being pushy 
Cool it'll be fun, you'll enjoy it 
Oh yeah? 
Me too, can't wait to taste ya 
Are ya shaved? 
Perfect I'm gonna go down on you a lot! 
I think you'll love it 
I'll make u squirm 
You'll see! :) 
Are you ticklish? 
Ok night beautiful, text me tomorrow! I'll be thinking of ya 
Hey cutie 
Workin and thinkin bout you! 
How's school? 
I run a big furniture store 
I just got a new bed too! 
Just in time! Right? Lol 
We should sleep naked! If we get any sleep lol 
?? 
Have you been wanting an older guy for awhile? 
That's cool, sure you're ready? 
Good 
Still boring at school? 
I bet the boys there like you though! 
I'm sure they are, they're boys. But you're super cute so you can't blame them for lookin 
Met anyone from meet me yet? 
You're welcome, you're gorgeous, own it 
Good morning! 
I never heard back from you yesterday, and didn't want to send any more text until I heard from you I didn't want to bother you 
Oh yeah? 
Lol no that's not bad! 
What can't you stop thinking about? 
?? 
You excited? 
Damn you're cute, can't wait to see you in person! 
I'm nervous too. You're definitely ready and wanting this tho, right? 
No why? 
Has that happened to you before? 
It won't don't worry beautiful 
You like to kiss? 
Good me too, you look like you have very kissable lips too! 
Got some outfits picked out? 
I'm so excited lol 
What you gonna wear when I pick you up? 
Do you paint your nails and toes? 
Good I like that! What color? 
Nice! I like! 
They'll look great up in the air lol! 
And wrapped around me 
Me either, can't stop thinking about it! Do you think we will even leave the bedroom? 
Hell yeah it is, I hope you're ready! 
The car ride back is gonna suck, I'm gonna wanna do stuff with ya when I see you I bet 
So where are you most ticklish? 
Lol that'll be fun 
I won't tickle you on purpose 
Lol 
I can't stop thinking about you! 
Are you going to give me a big kiss when I pick you up? 
Are you shy? 
That's understandable 
Do you like to cuddle? 
Good, this will be your first time staying the nite with a guy? 
Is that the nite you had sex? 
Nice 
I'll last way longer than 15 minutes lol, hope you can! 
I bet you taste amazing, I'm very much looking forward to that 
Can't wait to make you squirm and moan 
?? 
Get plenty of sleep tonight you'll need it 
Night 
Good morning! 
How are you? 
Did you sleep well? 
I'm good too, still super excited! Are you? 
Still wanting to? 
Me either, it's gonna suck taking you back home! 
That and pulling out lol 
Still super excited though 
Got your outfit for today picked out? 
Remember we can also go shopping 
Do you have the address for where I'm picking you up? 
What street is it on? 
What is the name of your town? 
What street do you live off of? I can find Hardees that way, when I search it's bringing up 4 possibilities 
Ok cool I found it 
Have you decided what outfit you will be wearing when I pick you up? 
Okay text me later 
Just your bikini, some boy shorts, cute panties/bras. Anything else you wanna bring? 
Flip flops for the beach too! 
Don't worry about bringing lots of stuff, just a few things, whatever you wanna bring I'm cool with 
Are you done at the mall? 
I bet you could shop all day couldn't you? 
I bet you look cute in anything 
Lol 
5. It'll take me an hour and 45 minutes, should be at Hardee's by 645 
Is that ok? 
Not too late is it? Hopefully it won't be dark 
Do me a favor? 
Will you put those cute pink toes on my lap during the ride back to my house? 
Yeah 
I'd rather you sit on my lap on the drive back lol, but that might be dangerous, so I'll just rub your legs and feet 
Maybe get a kiss or 2? 
:) 
We can pick up some snacks and drinks and stuff on the way back if you want 
What do you like? 
Lol ok, whatever you want gorgeous 
Can't wait to hear what you've picked out to wear for when I pick you up 
You mean underwear stuff or your actual outfit? 
Does it match your toes? 
So it'll be easy for me to see you when I get to Hardees? 
Are you bringing a bag, or backpack? 
Ok 
I wish it was 5 o'clock right now 
Are you still at the mall? 
Just wondering if you were still shopping lol 
Are you going to have enough time to pack all of your stuff before I pick you up? 
I can try and leave earlier if you want me to 
Do you prefer being called Erica or Leah? 
Ok, that's cool 
So Erica then? 
Do you usually walk to your friends house? 
I like both names btw, happy to use either 
So when you leave your house today with your backpack and walk down the street she won't think anything of it? 
Cool! 
Will you be at Hardee's at 645 or walk over after I get there? 
Ok that'll work 
So excited! I get to leave in 1 hour! Lol 
Cannot wait to meet/see you! 
I'm on my way gorgeous 
You are still wanting to get together right? 
Good, my GPS says I should be there at 6:45 
:) 
No I'm driving my other one I have a dark blue convertible as well 
Yes 
You will see the red one when we get back to my house 
I will be there in 30 minutes 
I'll be there at 640 
I'll be there at 640 
Yeah go ahead and start walking there i'm less than 10 minutes away 
