Hello                                                                 
Hello                                                                  
i hate those dam things too lol 
whats your name and asl? 
my name is ray 21 white male albany ga  wanna chat? 
where is fortson at exactly babe? 
cool im like an hour away from columbus ga 
nope want me to describe what i look like? 
im 6ft 2in black hair blue eyes tan skin i weigh 189lbs i have a nice flat stomach and muscular legs adn i have a nice tan ass and i have a tatoo on my right ass cheek 
do you have a pic babe 
its true why? 
fuck 
your my kinda girl     your a sexy ass princess 
what grade are you in babe 
are you gonna play any sports? 
naw i use to play baseball in my 10th and 11th grade year           
you got a hot ass lol 
thats the kinda ass i want 
do you wear  low rise jeans, cheer shorts, skirts, or sweat pants  alot? 
what are you wearing rite now babe 
how short are the red shorts? 
shit i think id love to see you walk around in them 
dont be mad if i wanna stare for a while at your ass 
u wearing a thong or gstring or boy shorts under the red shorts? 
so you have on boy shorts right now? 
i work babe lol      what does the thong look like babe 
the color baby lol 
cool     and im a waiter at the apple bees restraunt    well i have to go into work at 5  
thats hot that you have a red thong on lol 
what would i have to do to see you in that red thong lol 
do you have a boyfriend? 
naw  we broke up like 5 months ago           would you be mad if i came and saw you and take you to the movies and get something to eat and hang out in my truck? 
i do that with a lot of girls i go out with      we just talk and hang out  
unless you dont want too 
i have a 2005 ford f-150 super crew 
no its black 
so what do you think of that plan? 
well i can always plan babe lol 
at 11  
your sexy 
i wish i can see the red thong 
if we went out  what would you wear for me 
what days does your mom work 
but most of the time shes not there on the weekends? 
so how would you want to meet? 
well i still wanna get to know you more but lets just say for example i had all today off     how would i be able to see you? 
what time does your mom come back 
whos gonna be with you 
whens the last time you been with a guy 
whats the oldest guy you been with and be honest? lol 
you serious? 
do you like older guys or something? 
whats the most you done with a guy 
yeah they are they just getting fucked a little early lol 
you mad at me babe 
do you give good head babe? 
if i show you a pic of my dick will you tell me if you would give me head? 
ok hold on 
check your mail baby 
did what 
so would you give me head? 
you serious or you just messing with me?  
i havent had any head for about 4 months 
it sucks not getting head for a long time 
do you have any ground rules on giving head? 
do you wanna talk on the phone? 
whats your number baby 
but are you gonna call me right now? 
ok but when i give you the number you have to call me right now ok 
get the phone card first ok 
1-229-446-7049    
me too   ok    your name is diane right? 
k my name is ray 
