Kellie Marie, you look like one of those kids from a TV commercial. 
what a smile!
i just thought i would say that.
lol
YES, its nice.
ahhhhh:\">  thanks. I am just a normal older guy.
i'm not here looking for anything.
but i just thought you look cute with that smile
thats all.
is it bad to chat with you?
you know.... older guy talking to a very young girl. 
you know how people thing
think
i am not trying to be a perv.
LOL
thats right. you are a teenager now.
how does it feel to be a teenager now?
are you gettin more chores to do from your parents?
the older you get the more responsibilies you get
thats cool
your mom just loves you enough to really care.
:))
:-$
promise
well, i do things. but i do them for myself and i dont have anyone telling me what to do, so its kinda cool being older, and being your own boss.
LOL it was only a few years ago. I'm retired now.
no!! LOL
i am young. but i used to be an undercover cop and i got hurt a few times in the line of duty so i retired early.
yes, I feel OK now. things are much better. but its nice not to have to work
43 
yea.
kinda nice
i love to travel
ok
who'z paul?
LOL
thats cute. 
your a good younglady for taking care of your brother and helping your family out.
yea. but your a good girl for helping
i dont want your address or anything like that, but what general area are you in?
you dont have to if you dont want to. NEVER do anything that someone wants you to do that you dont feel is right.
I meant like the general area. 
I am on the east side of Detroit
do you think you know me?
no, i dont think we've ever met
but now we have. :)
so when do you go back to school?
soon right?
enjoy your summer. 
what are things you like to do?
thats cool.
i'm working on a house i just bought right now
and i usually work on my car
thank you.
its a very nice historic house
yea. I am painting the upper flat, getting it ready to rent, and i am doing some up-grades on my sports car. 
wanna see a picture of it?
do you like it?
thank you. :)
its very fast
you cansend me more pictures of you if you want.
nothing bad... just normal one.
your the one on the end right?
you are the prettiest girl there.
LOL NO LYIN....
you are the best lookin girl by far.
I wish i was 14. 
it be nice to meet you... but i cant cause your just a teenager..LOL
your just cute. :)
were you gonna send more?
OH... ok
invitge me again
you have a lovely family.
please be careful online with some of these people young lady.
your very beautiful and will be a very beautiful woman one day.
dont let anyone hurt you.
and i mean that from the depth of my heart
:)
you look like the perfect kid. 
i dont mean \"kid\" in a bad way
but you are very pretty.
no, actually you are very close to perfect
to me you are very very close to perfect.
Nothing that i can see.
1 st: your hair is totally beautiful. its curly and it looks great. I would not try to control it but letit be natural cause its totally awesome.
2: clutzy? thats cute. I cant think of a man that doesnt like a girl who is a little bit clutzy.
yes. the best thing to be is YOUR SELF.
Dont do bad stuff. atleast not to young. but just be yourself .
good 4 u.
:)
do you have a BF?
what happened?
maybe hes the horney type..LOL
just watch out for those horney types!!
u can ask me anything you like. if theres somethingyou wanna know
i got a room mate. seperate parts of the house
i used to but I dont. I want to find another girlfriend. I have a lot to offer a girlfriend. I get a pension from my work, and if I'm married my wife will get my pension for the rest of her life after i did. so I have alot to offer, its just that I am being really careful this time about who I love. 
yes. I have not had good luck with women really.
its OK
yes.
very badly.
thank you for careing.
thats the way love goes.
yea. she cheated and slept with other guys.
and lied to me
i just miss having someone to love around.
i reallyam a good guy.
thank you very much.
did you have a romantic relationship with your BF?
did you have sex with him? 
did you have sex with him?
its OK
LOL
what you doin?
no, i am all here, talking to only you.
yes
waiting for you to ask me something or tell me someting when ever your ready.
10 years
i want someone new. to travel with.
to do things with
i used to. but now i dont have anyplace i really want to do.
LOL
i wish you were a bit older.
but you know how that is
i know!
bad luck on my part
It be nice, but i wont be with just anyone
yea. most are just BS.
i really try to be honest and decent.
:)
do you live with both parents?
thats cool.
you know what i hear so much..
i mean its crazy how much i hear about sexual abuse in a house hold with a step father.
i may sound like an idiot for saying that
i was JUST talking to a girl yesterday telling me how she was abused when she was a kid
that so nice that LEo is nice.your very lucky!
no, not really, she is all messed up in the head.
its very sad
there are a lot of young girls who get into bad things at a young age and it ends up hurting them in the end.
you stay a good girl!
r u a good girl???
do you smoke?
GOOD
do you drink?
nope.. I never judge.
i am just gettin to know you
do you smoke weed?
good.
NEVER.
I dont save my chat logs
there is nothinkg i will remember
:)
do you have sex?
be careful with that one. you could get pregnant and end up changeing your entire life.
trust me... sex is no biggie. your better off without that desire
who?
he wanted sex with you?
all men do. 
but its you that sufferes if you get pregnant.
so you stand by your values.
you mean if you had sex with him he would have told everyone??
then hes low class.
get away from him
you can never trust anyone who tells secrets
i NEVER repeat a secret
totally
forget him
your to good for that
and to beautiful as well
NO, to me??? your beautiful
i know beauty when i see it
i wish i was younger or you were older,i would take you to a movie. I want to see that new movie 'Transformers'.
i know!! It looks good.
i wanna see it.
that one and that other movie 'public enemy' with johnny depp
takes time for guys to learn not to beidiots
lol
takes time
an since your so pretty all the guys got some 'story' to lay on you. dont fall for it.
yea.... start from the beginning, and what you were told in the beginning, and then think about how it turned out and think how it all went bed. probably a lot of lies in between
well, if they just tell you a story, and you have no way to verify it your really stuck believeing them cause you cant accuse or convict anyone without proper evidence...
BUT as time goes on little things start popping up and you make little mental notes
and eventually the truth will come out
then your finished with him
and your better without him
what did he tell her?
what did he do?
no, please tell me. did you do something with him and he told others??
what did you do that he wasnt supposed to tell?
what?
I got an idea.
well listen to this.
beware of people who have to much to prove.
sounds like he has a lot to prove, to friends or who ever. and i would not be a victim
lol
dont walk away,,, RUNNNNNN!!!!!
:))
i know
to make himself look like a 'stud'
whats romantic is being with a man who you can trust and share your life with... pleasure and pain
thats romantic.. someone who loves you and protects you, in all ways.
not someone who wants to tear you down.
and make a fool of you in front of your friends, when all you wanted to do was be romantic and please him.
yes dear.
i am a true romantic man.
and i never betray the woman i love
thank you,
your a very good girl
well, you will find someone soon. cause your very lovely
i hope so. I feel lonely lately. i miss being in a relationship
i miss being in love.
thats the big part
its something that you feel inside. something you cant use words to explain but its something that pulls you. a desire for a person you cant control.
would you like to add me as a friend?
its up to you ... maybe you can talk to me again
add me
i enjoy talking to you.
so do you still love that BF you had?
well, if it doesnt make sense, all of what has gone on, then your best learning from the situation and moving forward
your very welcome. anytime you want to talk to someone to give you a different perspective on things just message me and we can chat
thank you. anytime i can help.
HI Kellie... How are you?
HI, Yea. I am goood to. I just got home. seen you online. thought i would say hello back! how is your day going so far?
so what did you do today?
lol
well, I bought a new washer and dryer,. and i had some work done on my little econo car, and i hooked up the washer and dryer and did a little bit of work on my mercedes.
LOL
lol  well, i have to get stuff done so i just got to dig in there and finish it, its sort of like having a project that you have to do for a class and you need to get it done. same kind of thing. Thats why they make students like you do projects in the first place, so you will develop a skill for finishing projects. :)
yep!
nothing. gonna take a shower as soon as the towels get out of the dryer..LOL
what you gonna do?
lol yep!
my new dryer
loo, I soooooo needed to do laundry!!
lol
who does your laundry for you?
thats good!
have you heard from your idiot boyfriend lately?
good!
your better off.
your just to pretty and nice to settle for anyone that isn't just perfect for YOU YOU YOU!
so do you have anyone you like so far?
lol me either
its OK. Mine does that too.
yea. mine drops signal and all that also.
not really, its probably your internet signal.
no, not really. I dont have anyone really special in my life. i hope to meet a special girl one day but so far i havent found the right one.
there are a lot of girls that like me sometimes, but its more about how i feel about them,,, you know?
I want someone that makes me feel that something special inside.
yeah! i mean if you dont feel that then it seems like a waste of time. For me sex alone isnt really wnat i want. I need something more like a connection. 
lol  let me check....
yep. I'm a guy. I got the hardware... LOL
and i have to tell you i am not saying it to 'impress' you I really mean it.
what kind of guys do you like?
ahhhh so sweet. I wish i was much younger. I would take you to see that movie \"transformers'
ahhh your sweet.
it hurts that your so young. 
but its OK
we are frieneds
friends
i know and its OK
its nice to have a friend like you
no honey, i was just looking on craigs list to check on a band saw i need.
what r u doing/
whats POGO?
lol one day i'll check on it.
cool
thats good! go have fun!! I will be around. you can message me any time
i will be here for you if you need to talk to me. :)
still looking, theres a lot of them on there
nope. no girlfriend.
i'm just to busy!
you can be my online girlfriend. and i can talk to you! LOL
what you doin?
really!
some pepple are idiots
no, just looking around
LOL
tell him you already found someone better than him.
LOL
you want someone who is romantic for you and who is nice and treats you nice and with respect. that is how a man should be.
well do you play chess?
i was gonna play ya.
I dont know how to play dominos.
no.
it be nice to play pool with you
damn. I wish there was a way to play. I mean real pool. I dont know how to play computer pool
we could tell everyone your my daughter!! LOL
no, we can say your mom has red hair.
and we can go to 7=11 and you can say 'daddy buy me a slurpy\" !! :))
no, just waiting for you to say something and still looking at craigs list.
r u busy?
ahhh... I was trying make you smile. :)
whos shot?
mine?
oh..ok
short for my real name, and its a nick name people call me.
good shot!!
thank you!! LOL
hey cutie!!
your new picture.
your very cute honey!
honestly, if we were closer in age i would take you to the movies.
but this is nice. playing pool.
:)
brb phone
one sec
oh, i want you to see something.
hang on a second. I want you to see some dogs
OK?
--http://www.angelcarevet.net/site/view/143530_RetiredDobermans.pml
look at this dog.
hang on I'll tellyou all about it. brb phone
do you see that dog \"Astro\"??
that is who i'm gonna get!
Ne is the Nephew of my old doberman who died. his name was Unix.
so Astro is the nephew of Unix, my doberman who died.
but i reallly loved him.
i know the VET who owns that place from the web site
and i met her online when i bought UNIX.
so since unix died I called her back 
and i want a dog with the same blood line.
not yet.
i have to drive to wisconson to get him
ahhhh... your so sweet.
i dont know. it was something with his heart.
i really loved unix.
he was a very strong and tough dog
hey its my shot!!
i got to kick your little butt
Yea, i am so glad i got his nephew.
it stopped working. :(
i have to go get him
maybe this weekend
she is giving me a very good deal on him.
I know.
i want to go.
he is a nice dog
to bad you couldant go.
have you ever seen chicago??
its a BIG city
hes just a bit north of that.
i cant WAIT!!
i want him so bad!!
hes a good watch dog!
when i get him i sure will!
your 14. if you and me can stay friends till you become legal to see me, as a friend of course, you can come and visit him.
OH! well, either way, if we stay friends, one day you are welcome to see him. 
your welcome.
i mean, i am not here to hurt you or take advantage. but your a nice young lady, and i hope we stay friends.
i wonder where my pool stick went????
hes a pretty dog!
i think he is too.
thank you for your nice opinion
lol
so did you get a web cam yet?
OHHH.. I forgot.
your parents wont let you have one.
its OK
i mean there looking out for you.
it be nice to just chat face to face./
nothing nasty on my mind
just my face. I never do any of that nasty stuff on the internet. 
that is so cheap
I dont know how people do it really/
i mean its 'cheep thrills'
so how you feeling?
good.
forget that jerk
why? cause you wouldant do 'that' to him???
then why??
i promise i wont say anything . you have my word
NEVER
and i promise
for why>??
he sounds like a smuck
its just a copy of the picture on my california ID
i am now. I used to live in california, texas, mexico, arizona.... all over
LA baby.
I like LA
but i am from Detroit. so I am home here.
to expensive to live in LA.
everything costs big big money
ahhhhh... yes... astro needs me and I have a new friend Kellie that likes to chat with me so everything is great.
:\">
go to bed honey
i hope to see you again soon
night .
sweet dreams!
how ya doin kellie? i got your message saying hello earlier. sorry i missed you.
i was gone all day! I worked on the house until about 2:30PM, then i took off to have some stuff done on my car.
I just got out of the shower. Yuck! i was dirty... and its hot outside so i was feeling all yucks./
so now i am just talkin it easy
yea. but i am gettin things done. you know how it is when your an 'adult'.
lol well its almost done.
not much longer
so what did you do today?
lol
lol
lol
you make me laugh
why dont you go swimming or something/
?
you like to swim so go swimming. or go walk around the mall.
your pretty, some boy will start talking to you.
i went out with this girl last night
i met her on the internet.
and we went out for out 2nd date
no, it was last night.\
i like her. but she really likes me.
i knew she would
NO....no GF!
I am waiting for you.
I am gonna stop getting older and just wait for you to catch up!! :)
I drove out there and got her, an we went back driving around in the inner city and i showed her the places i knew an where i worked.
she likes me.
I like her too...but she has a LOT of issues going on.
lot of things in her life.
she has a BF who is a real jerk.
an she has  3 kids, and i am not really looking for an instant family if you know what i mean.
shes like 34
LOL NO WAY!!
i already made tht mistake!!
actually I like you alot to.
yes i was married sadly to say
no, that was a different one. i wasnt even married to her.
she was just a girlfriend.
Girls and love can be very painful!! LOL
yea
i am an old man.
:(
let me get my walker!!
LOL
I got my real teeth!!!
Yeeeee Hawwwww!!
i like you alot.
its a shame that the age thing is such a big issue.
but thats OK. i respect all that
i just enjoy myself just seeing you and chatting with you.
:)
you make me smile.
you know it doesnt seem that there is that much age difference.
YES i am.
I see your picture an you make me smile
yea,,,,, goofy.
you can be my online girlfriend.
hey, whats going on with that boy you were talking too? is he still bugging you?
hes so stupid
if i was there i would smack him into next tuesday for you.
JUST for you!! :)
well, just tell him i'm your uncle.
LOL
why would anyone want to be mean to you?? I dont get it.
he should be. he's loosing you.
hes stupid.
she wants to. shes nice. I would go out with you but you know we cant do that. but if I could I really would Kellie. to the movies or something. but shes an older lady and its OK for me to go out with her. BUt I dont know, shes nice, but i am not sure I see love in our future.
well \"never say never\".
i mean you cant always tell what is gonna happened to you.
just as soon as you think that something is impossible, all of a sudden it happens.
well, for me i look back on my life, and i think of all the times i said \"nah, that aint gonna happened to me..I'm to smart, or I'm to strong or something...then POW, and i realize \"never say never\" because you just cant tell.
why thank you dear! you seem very smart. you are very mature.
an also very lovely.:\">
you are...
trust me... I am telling you that.
and i aint known to lie.
believe me.
I hate this.....
your being so young, and me being so old
this really really sucks!! LOL
lol
OK, stand back,,,, putting it into reverse.....
hang on!! here i come!!
what if i was like 15.
wow
that would be so weird
yea.... no more starting a career and all that.
starting to work again.
i know!!
wow
i got it so easy at this point in my life.
yea!
no kids,
not much bills
dont have to work
can do what i want
no wife nagging me!
i can get up right now an leave if i want
i reallly mean that.
its kind of nice
thats cool
your parents watch over you. which is good
well, I like being free.
i think i am.
except that i cant see you but other than that i am very lucky
and i am happy too.
well I will be right back
OK?
I got something I got to do.
will you be there?
i hope so!!
HI!
what you doin?
no, I JUST came back
yea. then i JUST loggedin to see you. :)
:-B hang on, let me adjut my old man glasses
NEVER
i hide from other people
but not you.
not really hiden, I just dont feel like chatting to 20 people at the same time.
you know?
I know you must get a million men chatting with you all the time
hahaha
just me???
honest!
dont lie to me!
:\">
your making me blush
wish you were here.
but you are!
your right here!
wanna smooch?:-*
lol
ON THE CHEEK!!
OK, where should i put that kiss??
LOL
good!
then you give me a hug
then we shake hands
totally proper.
LOL
:-c
california hand shake! :))
show me more pictures of you.
lets photo share.
show me more of you, where your smileing and stuff.
YES YOU DO!!
try that
:)
ahhhhh.
you are such a cute little girl.
NEVER trust anyone from here honey.
you are a lovely and beautiful young lady
never let anyone lie to you or hurt you from here.
It would hurt me deeply if someone ever hurt you.
and i mean that from the deepest part of my heart
he looks like a very good father.
you listen to him.
i know.
you know, i really like you. I mean as a person.
Not for anything bad or nasty.
you are a very lovely young lady and i honestly like you.
thats your mother?
shes very pretty too.
you have a wonderful family.
I LOVE disney!!
<<<
me too!
I did live down there for a little while.
Now, that last picture you sent me.
r u ready to hear something?
i am going to be totally honest
can I be honest?
YOU are the most pretty girl in that picture BY FAR. 
NONE of those other girls are as pretty as you.
and I really mean that.
you want to see one of me and my brother?
cant find it. but i was 24 in this picture
did you see my tatto?
thank you.
everything stands for something in real life
OH, that would take a long time. but do you see the one atthe very top? gold? says 'expert pistol'?
I had won an actual gold metal. for my shooting skills and winning competition for shooting. if you go back and look at the picture of me almost in uniform you can see the same gold metal (the real one) above my name tag 
do you see it?
do you see it?
yes. a gold metal
this is how it works...
have you ever heard of a 'Marksman?\"
right, that is a Bronze metal
a sharpshooter??
that is a silver metal
an expert?? that is a gold metal and the highest you can get.
I also have some trophies around someplace.
here.
i'm a little fat in this picture
LOL
<<
:))
thanks Kellie.
your very nice to me.
its loud.
no, its just so the gun report (shot) doesnt damage your hearing
have you ever watched a movie where there are military men and they have those colorful ribbons on there uniform?
here, here is a picture of the real ones i wore on my uniform. 
them made the tatto coping it from those actual metals
it would take a long time to tell you all the stories,
but i can tell you the lowest one on there.
do you want to know how they work?
the more to the top the more important the metal.
those little \"oak leafe clusters\" the brown things on the ribbon??
that stands for 2 more
so if you look at the 'grey bar' and you see the 'grey bar' with the 2 brown things on it? that stands for 5, not just won.
same with the red.
5 not one
green/yellow? 3
the lowest one is the one with the red/white/blue stripes.. at the bottom ... see it?
that is the least important ribbon
that was a special security clearence to guard the president of the United States when ever he came to Detroit. 
and that is the lowest one.
i have in my past
not any more.
LOL yea.
not really met.
just said high as he walked past or something.
i was only a cop working as a body guard capacity assisting secret service.
so it was no biggie.
actually a really easy job.
LOL
working law enforcement for a big city can be a very full filling job
always
thank you for saying that.
i have a lot of injuries. but i would like to think i made some sort of positive difference from all my time there.
i'll tell you some other time. 
ok?
what are your plans for yourself?
can i tell you the truth?
and i mean this in a very respectul way. Never any kind of bad way. you are a very lovely young lady. And you are the most beautiful of the pictures of your friends you have shown me.
you are a lovely girl... and a good girl. you listen to your parents. and make sure you make good choices.
and i will always try to be here to be your friend.
because i dont want to see anyone hurt you.
i seen way to many young lives get destroyed over nothing.
and you deserve much better than that,.
please. Just make good choices. and dont be in a hurry to grow up to fast.
OK?
LOL
no, its the cop in me.
LOL
sorry....I KNOW your not 5!!
you are very mature for your age
are those your friends?
ok, I see you with the yellow shirt that says 'its all about ME ME ME!!
:))
are they all in your age group?
girls look so grown up these days.
all of you! 
you do to.
but you all look like you could be 17 or something
this one is my fav. picture of you.
you are matureing.
like look at this picture
see this one?
yea
now look at this new one.
you look much more mature
do you wear makeup?
ok.
are your parents strict with you?
lol
well, thats how mom's are
its hard for me to look at you.
because i see you as a person who is very cute, and one day you wont be cute anymore.... you'll be a VERY beautiful woman.
and I see this in you.
when it comes to women i am just a big looser really...LOL
well, this is how i see that situration.....
it doesnt matter how many girls like ME.... it doesnt matter to me how I make them feel...
its how I FEEL WHEN I AM WITH THEM. How do i feel inside,... do i feel butterflies in my stomach when i am with them
Unless I feel that way for the woman, they can chase me all they want.
I am the one that needs to make the best choice for ME.... because i want to feel deep love again in my life.
but as i get older, I feel that i have less and less of a chance to find that again.
i am extremely romantic
and very faithful
i dont lie or cheat on the woman i love.
never,
do you like poetry?
:\">
would you like to hear one?
now please listen to me. If you were of legal age I could honestly say That i feel a little bit like this for you.... but that is impossible for now, but i am gonna tell you a poem. and keep in mind that i am saying it for YOU Kellie... Just being goofy..OK?
here goes...
'so it is through the eyes that love attains the heart...... for the eyes are the scouts ofthe heart.... and the eyes go searching for what it might please the heart to possess....
an when all three are one, firm and in one resolve, then perfect love is born from what the eyes have made welcome to the heart......
for as all true loves know....love is perfect kindness..... which begins, there can be no doubt, from the heart, but through the eyes. :) 
for you.
<<
:\">
what month were you born? what sign are you?
<<
do you know much about libras?
Libras are called the \"Jewls of the Zodiac\"... they possess very good taste. they are elegant, and are very charming by nature. 
thats what they say.
the good stuff. LOL
did I ever show you my new house?
:)
thats my brother.
did you ever see my car??
LOL
not yet, I have to have the canvas awnings finished first.
it doesnt look finished yet
but it will look good soon.
lol
wow, if i only had the chance to show you some of my houses i've had
i have had some very beautiful places in my life.
do you see how i know the beauty of a car?
the beauty of a house?
i see that beautiful in you too.
what you doin?
what you thinkin about?
honey... i am too old
i'm thinkin about you really
i am thinkin that if it was something I could do, i mean to know you and all that dispite the age difference, i would love to know you more.
it hurts.
yea.
look but dont touch,,,,,,touch but dont taste...taste? but dont swollow.....
and it hurts. cause your just so cute.
LOL
nothing
here, honestly, thinkin about you.
lol  are you haunting me???
are you casting a spell on me???
cause its working.....
perfectly
tell me the truth! OK?
what kind of mood are you in? what are you thinking about??
lol listen carefully.
if i would go to jail for 20 years i would come and get you and we would go to some interesting place and just talk like two jaberwalkies in a tree!!
i meant if i wouldan't go to jail for 20 years..LOL
no.
i dont think so right?
no, and were not saying anything bad to each other.
i think if someone read what we are really saying i think they would see that we are really being respectful.
that doesnt mean that when i look at this picture other things flash in my mind from time to time. LOL
BUT that is not good.
yea/
i'm not gonna say.:\">
u say first!
what you thinkin??
i can teach you alot.
honestly
i am not a horney man.
first of all i must say that, that i have never let sexual desire control me.
an I keep the reins tight when it comes to what i allow to become close to me.
but i could desire you.
i mean not in so much of a physical way, but i just like hanging out with you.
i mean every time we chat we chat for hours and hours.
me to.
lol
thats when you know your with someone that is good for you.
1: when they give you butterflies
2: when you totally and completely loose all track of time.
would you agree?? LOL
another one is when they make you really passionate and romantic... thats the 3rd one. but we have to pass on that one.
what you thinkin about ?
are you chatting with anyone else?
me either
i am not interested in chatting with ANYONE ELSE. and i am totally serious. JUST you and me
your really really sweet
so tell me a secret.
what was the furthest you went with that jerk dude boyfriend.
how far did you go?
and remember.... it dont matter to me ONE BIT.
for example.....
u can say.
i give you my word. No one will ever hear anything from me AND i will NEVER even mention it to you.
you never told me what he said.
oral sex?
LOL
and he went and talked about that?
what a moron...
dont worry about it.
did he ever give you oral sex?
so you tried to make him happy but he never did it back to you.
I PROMISE. AND I TOTALLY MEAN THAT. you'll see
promisee
LOL
Honey..... all girls do that.
almost all.
its better to have a man who knows how to do it to you real good.
really!
i mean that is how i see it.
I mean if i have a girl that i love, and i know how to please her, i am gonna do everything in my power to satisify her.
i mean seriously.
and i think i am good at that stuff.
to other girls?
:\">  yea
and i know how to do it really really good
u never had a guy do that to you?
one day
how it feels for you?
well, theres these little special places that you get to know. and i want my girl to grab my hair and move me to where she likes the feeling best. and its a very intense feeling... and its like a real rush. and you get really wet.
if the guy takes his time and does it nice, it feels very good for the girl. 
or so I hear. LOL
so ask me anything you want.
lol probably not.
did you like doing that to him? was it cool with you?
most guys really really like that. as for me, its OK. I dont know what satisfies me anymore.
well, yea, young guys do, but i mean i have to have some emotions with it, not just the 'sexual act'. the sex all by itself dont always work
what you thinkin about?
u want someone to do it to you one day?
one day.
what excites you?
you probably dont know yet.
and thats good!
right, and thats how it should be.
your young. you have to finish school, and start your life on the right track
its hard not to be human, an have those desired that come up
but believe me, they 'aint all that'
lol  lol
OK, yes you can finish school
but you'll be up all night feeling horney!! LOL
do you get horney??
lol  good answer
ok. your home. all alone right now?
when you are on the internet, do you ever see things that 'make you think' about that kinda stuff?
OK, tell me something that happened in the past that got you really excited.
i think it would be increadable to watch you do that to me
with that pretty face.
it be a big exciteing thing
LOL
yea. I mean if you were doing that to me, and yo ulooked up at me with your beautiful face, i would probably just pass out. LOL
would it excite you to do that to me?
i dont mean NOW but i mean in out 'imagineation'
I know!
you know what i have thought of a few times with you?
its a LITTLE nasty. is that OK?
not bad but a little.
i think aobut you and me talking, and then when you go to bed you take your little panties off, and open your beautiful legs, and play with yourself till you go to sleep.:\">
thats what i invision in my mind.
wow wow wow
lol
crazy huh!
do you ever do that?
please tell me.
:\">
try it tonight. 
:)
will you try?
do you have any idea how hot that would be to see you do that?
i mean that very much.
honestly.
wow wow wow
LOL
OK, lets 'role play' just a second. ready?
same thing
yea, pretend.
that keeps us out of trouble
well, you ask what i'm thinking about.
and all i can say is.....
candles.
nice place
and you on your back
and me licking you until your back arches a few times and you moan real loud.
LOL
yea...havent you ever moaned?
OHHHH....
then someone has to bring out the PASSION in you one day
what you doin?
what you thinkin about?
tell me 2...LOL
candles.... an incense.... and a Jucuzzi! and a nice dinner...... 
i think you will be a very sexy woman in just a few years.
we are gonna stay friends.
i promise
and maybe, if the times are right, and everything is good in our friendship, then We can do some of those things together.
would you like that?
its only 4 years.
maybe i'll just marry YOU.. :) 
NEVER say NEVER!
remember\" so it is throught the eyes that love attains the heart. 
i am gonna be dreaming about you tonight
go to bed Kellie.
Its OK!
I will see you tommorow
we can talk everyday if you can
I am gonna close photo share.
and have sweet dreams.
i will be thinking about you.
:)
:x
>:D<
u gonna do it a little tonight??
lol
Hi Kellie. Hope your having a good day.
thats good.
good to hear.
i am just working.
i jsut took some time off. I was painting the hallway going to the upper flat
LOL yep!
its gonna be nice there. the upper flat is really beautiful. I am just doing the hallway and stairs going upstairs. Makeing it really nice.
what you doin?
lol
are his friends buggin you?
lol
go get um' tiger
LOL
its good to see you.
you were up so late last night!
Me too.. I slept until about 1pm..:\">
i really loved talking to you last night.
it was so very funn.
yea. just finish it up.
were painting some parts of it.
just finishing it up and decorateing so we can rent to some very good tenant
me and a helper.
dont know for sure till i get people who want to rent and i choose the best candidate
i dont need a girl to be in love with me!! I have you! :)
i told you! I'm gonna wait till your legal. 
then you and me can go places.
not all that sex stuff. just have fun doing things that we cant do now.
so did you have sweet dreams last night?
i had a dream that i was on a motorcycle and I fell off the end of a freeway and i was falling and falling and then i woke up.
wow, i dont know. 
it was you, and me, and some other person that i didnt know on a motorcycle, and we all went off the end of a freeway.
but we didnt get hurt
brb phone
that was a VET. I am getting a dog, would you like to see him?
--http://www.angelcarevet.net/site/view/143530_RetiredDobermans.pml
YES!! astro!!
i want to get him so bad.
yes it was her right now
LOL you know I sometimes forget how important you are and all the things i tell you. 
I have a slight medical problem with my short term memory so I dont always remember.
this week I think./
and he is a trained personal protection doberman (shultzhund) he is more than just a pet... he will die to defend his family and is trained to obay commands and to attack.
yea. between the dog, and my pistol i think i will be OK. LOL
LOL
would you like to see my little pistol? 
dont save that. I would be embarrased if someone saw it. I would feel stupid for sending it to you
i just feel stupid.
but that is real stuff
:\">
ahhhhh....
well, listen, i dont think we ever talk about anything bad, but I would like to keep the things we talk about between us/. its not cause i feel we are doing anything wrong or any of that because we have never done that.
its just that I am somewhat of a very private person and i dont tell many people the things i have told you.
i dont trust many people
and i know your young. but who knows, maybe you might want to become a police officer one day because of what I told you.
please listen.
\ready?
its not because i think we have to hide anything that were doing. were not doing anything illegal or bad. 
the problem is in my mind
i just am a person who keeps to myself alot.
and i dont tell many people about myself.
and now i've told you. and i would feel embarrased
yea.
i mean i am just a person that doesnt tell much to people i dont know deeply. yet i find myself talking to you.
something between you and me as friends.
so I would like to keep it that way.
sorry, i was disconnected.
do you want to see my camera again?
just my face of course
thank you!
this is me
thank you for that also.
so what you doin today?
:\">
lol
this camera keeps getting stuck
it will move again
there it goes!
not so sure.
i was gonna work on my mercedes. but probably later on I will go out,
Nope. Just you
what you doin?
yea. i am just takin it easy right now.
so where is the rest of the family?
well, your not alone. I would worry if you were.
my computer is in my bedroom.
i got my bed, and my desk and a TV in here
laser sighted
yes, its really small. I just keep it in my pocket incase i need it to protect myself or someone else.
yea.
and now i am getting Astro!!
wow I cant wait!
yea! i will introduce him to you
on camera.
LOL
lol
hes in Racine , Wisconson.
hes a very specially trained dog, not just a mutt that someone has, he was raised and trained by a vet. hes a very rare dog
so YEA i better get my ass in gear and go get him! LOL
NO, i got Unix from her,. this dog is the Nephew of Unix, my other doberman who died.
so I have the same blood line.
He looks JUST like my Unix!!
i cant wait to get him!!
what city or general area do you live in?
i dont want to know your address. just the general area
Oh cool.
i live on the east side of the city of detroit.
maybe if I ever need someone to watch Astro, if your parents will let you, I can pay you to watch him for me.
i mean at your house. you never know.
if I ever go out of town I would LOVE it if you could watch him maybe. and i would pay you.
it would be a great favor.
yes! it be nice.
if he was a threat and might possibly bit you I wouldant let you watch him
I would NOT ever allow you to be hurt on my account.
never.
thank you. cause i mean that.
so dont I look OLD!!
LOL
i am an old man!! LOL
not to old to be a friend. but i am an old'ie
lol
really?
wow, coming from you that is such a compliment
you make me smile!
if you make your fonts bigger i can write to you without my glasses
i normally dont wear glasses.
i just need them to read
do you think i am a handsome man?
went in there.
look how crooked it is
came out here
yea. it messed up my arm a bit
went right up my arm.
lol
got stabbed in the face here.
bomb blew up here
yep
broke my nose 3 times!
LOL
other than that i'm fine.
lol
well, some of um are dead
they got shot.
it happens.
Detroit is a hard place
well that is what all those metals mean.
several are for bravery
yes. so they say i did.
and thank you for understanding that i am a bit different
i think you are very very special
YOU
no one else is seeing me
i am not chatting with anyone else
just you and me
:)
hey honey. I will be back in a few minutes OK?
i have to go for a few minutes. but i will be back
:)
hi there!
i came back to see you!
i am lookin at your my space.
I like your pink floppy hat! :)
did you miss me?
:\">
i did a bit more work.
i stained some wood.
then i came back. while its drying
when its done i will take pictures and show you.
so what you doin?
u chattin with all the boys!
LOL
thats cool
well, if you want to finish you can message me when your done.
you know that i would always trust you. if you were doing something wrong i think you would tell me. :)
i trust you.
should i be jealous??????
you know i like you!!
dont let anyone steal you away from me! LOL
well, you go ahead and chat with your friend. I am gonna go and do some more staining. I will see you in a bit. I miss you! bye 4 now.
hello and happy sunday. Did you go to church?
:\"> I dont go to church anymore. to many hypocrites.
yes. very much. I just dont think that God HAS to be in a Church,
I believe that God is everyware.
so many people say they believe in god and that they are so holy yet they do so much bad stuff.
well I slept late. 
LOL
I am gonna do something later. One of my ex girlfriends messaged me and told me her boyfriend broke up with her so she wants to see me to talk about how to handle it.
she just messaged me
well this girl, I went with (like BF and GF) for about 10 months, but i broke up with her... and she got a new boyfriend, shes russian and so is he so they got along good, but i think there having a problem and she wants to talk to me about what to do
so I am just trying to help.
i am just trying to help. I do care for her, but not the same way, but i dont want her to hurt.
Yes. I think there is no reason that you cant be friends. but i dont think you should have sex and all that, but its OK to be helpful when you can.
actually shes texting me on my phone.
shes about to tell me about something that happened between her and him last night.
yes... if its is i wont tell you. but if its just a simple argument i will tell you. 
you know, relationships are very hard when you get in them
yes, she has a boyfriend now, and there fighting over something.
you love romance dont you!
i wish we could be romantic you and me ( NO SEX) just hold hands and walk and talk.
yea.... walk and talk and maybe see a movie. Nothing bad you know? no nasty stuff. Just like be friends and talk and walk and go to a mall and shop a little.
so I can buy you a little special present you would like.
Just good things. Not the bad things that your other boyfriend was like.
NO you were not bad. HE was bad.
you were not bad
he didnt treat you right. but he was only a young boy
well, it usually takes time... BUT some never learn
Yea.. LOL
she just told me.
LOL
they drink alot, people from russia.
so she got in a fight with her father and her BF broke up with her but now he wants to go back together.
I advised her to go back to him cause i know that he loves her. and she is not always the easyist person to get along with...
LOL...just a typical thing
Yea. I am pretty sure they will.
I told her that he is a good guy, I met him. He loves her.
so a little fight is not a big thing.
just forgive and forget.
that is what a real man would say. never take things to serious, and forgive and forget,... and remember that the love that 2 people have is more important than some silly argument. right? :)
honey, i got to go for just a few minutes. I will be back in about 15 minutes. I HOPE your still there.
I will be back!
:)
what you doin now?
I just went to stain some wood, and let it dry.
now i'm back
Twizzler!! I LOVE those!
yes.
i love them.
mmmmmmmm
lol
so what you got planned for the day? are you going out with your friends?
thats nice.
have a little fun.
is lisa your best friend?
you must have a lot of girlfriends.
no, I really dont. I dont think having a lot of girlfriends is good. I have some friends only some, but not alot.
do you have any guys you like so far?
yea? 
who is it! tell me .... tell me!!
why???
who is he?
do i know him?
LOL yea.....
you know how that goes.
they fight for a few hours and then they make up.
i talked to the Doctor (vet) and i am probably gonna go this week.
i wish you could meet him.
are you a little busy today? 
OMG that reminds me of unix. He used to LOVE to swim!!
I LOVE dobermans
do you like dobermans?
would you like to see some of my FAV music?
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onjaC3A2xjk
click on it.
think of 'three strange days' as blocks of time in your life. or bits of time where something that impressed your memory happened to you
three strange days - my ex girlfriend for example. It was just 'three strange days'
now i am talking to you..... a NEW 'three strange days'
the words in the end are very deep.
if you want me to explain i will
:)
well it stands for 'three strange days' or blocks of time. some three strange days will last 10 years, some last for an hour.
but your life is blocks of time.
or blocks of 'three strange days'.
do you know what my name is on yahoo? \"behind blue eyes'?
did you ever hear the song 'behind blue eyes'?
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaekgRtsTiQ
behind blue eyes has been my yahoo name for years. heres the song
play it with me
r u listening to it?
:\">
yea
i really am
this is a really old song
i got one for you!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56Y-qZQ_DTk
click on that one.
:)
please listen.
a king on a throne fighting off the waves of the ocean with a sword
wow
wow
wow
deep
yes it is.
everything.
life
love
do you like it?
:\">
would you like to hear a love song after this one?
everyone I ever knew has betrayed me at one point or another. 
real deep love is impossible i believe now.
would you like to hear another one?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doFKkuzoawM
tell me when to start
go
yes... it was at the time of my second wife
yea
i havent had good luck in the love department
that is just part of me
YES!
and i am so very happy that i met you and that you are such a nice friend.
thank you for being my friend. you are such a great girl
>:D<
this is gonna make me sad
poor doggie
arent those beautiful animals??
for me the only dog i can ever have is a doberman
i love that breed of animal
they are beautiful
they look beautiful and they are so smart
i cant wait to get Astro!!
sittin here, looking at music at limewire, and watching 'daisy of love'... what a nutty show!!
thinking about YOU!
:-P
is your day going good?
are you bored?
LOL yeah
i am here by myself.
I am eating Hommus..LOL
yes... and its so cute! they have this little short tail and they wag it and its really cute.
dobermans are the best dog you can get.
they have a lot of love in them
if you ever get a dog, or your parents ask what dog you want, if i was you, i would seriouslly look into a doberman.
people will NOT mess with you when your with a doberman.
and you will be very popular!
Oh yea..... everyone will want to get to know your dog.
well, if its a well trained dog, like Astro is, he will bite if you give him the command to bite
Unix would attack someone if I gave him the command.
Yea. that is why i am driving all the way to wisconson to get Astro.
because he is fully trained.
the police departments all over the world use dobermans as police dogs.
one of the smartest.
a doberman is one of the smartest breeds of animal there is.
and there FUN!!
me too.
i'll go next week for sure.
i wish i could let you walk him
what you doin?
watchin 'daisy of love'..LOL
I am thinkin about going some place but i dont know where to go
yea.. LOL kinda nice huh?
but I really dont feel like goin anyplace.
LOL
nah. just listening to some music.
thinking about you and how nice you are.
and enjoying this wonderful day.
yes Kellie. I think about you. I think how sweet of a person you are, how much of a great job your mother did raising you cause you are a very nice young lady. I think highly of you, and enjoy every single conversation we have
what you doin?
what you thinkin about?
ahhhh...what are you thinking about ?
i like you alot also. u know that though. :)
yes. you know that i think you are very beautiful and very sweet
i think you and me would make a nice couple to go for a walk and talk and stuff. its just a shame about the age, but if the age wasnt a factor i would get you and we would walk, and you could walk astro when i get him. :)
it be fun.
and NOTHING nasty!
just being normal friends.
have a WONDERFUL dinner.
and i hope to see you later.
bye for now Kellie
:)
HI! good to see you
HI! good to see you
I was just gonna watch 'family guy'. LOL
i can talk to you too
how are you?
how was dinner?
so your stuck home all alone?
that sucks
who ditched you???
your friend lisa?
well I am right here for you.
:)
i love that picture!!>>>>
i love it! your just so cute!
if i had a daughter she would be just like you.
your not what? cute? no your beautiful!!
who is the guy ditched you?
well, anyone who ditches you is an idiot!!!!! 
:)
your my sweetie!
:)
so what ya doin?
i love it!
its one of my fav's
yea...r u watching it too?
are you in your bedroom?
well, that sucks. 
you got a computer in there?
oh cool.
NO, I am talking to you.
talk to me! tell me something about yourself.
how r u feeling? what mood are you in? r u happy?
dont fibb to me! i can see your not feeling good. tell me whats wrong honey?
welllll
your nutts
why would guys not like you????
there is no reason for a boy not to like you.
and remember who you are inside has nothing to do with what others think. be happy who you are. because your beautiful and wonderful just the way God made you
what you doin?
did you fall asleep?
its OK!!
cool
good. go ahead and talk to her and then message me when you get done
well i'm glad your happier now
I am watching that probram
I didnt think it was just you.
I figured she did it before
yea. thats rude
lol
your not. I will be right back
what you doin?
thinkin aBOUT  YOU
YES YES YES
:)
well, to tell you the truth, she is probably easy to be with sexually, and because she 'puts out' guys wanna be with her.
i mean do you understand what i am trying to say?
and thats silly but the girl dont know it....
a silly girl will have a lot of sex cause she thinks she can get guys, the she will end up getting pregnant, and then no one will want her
yea know how or just do it.
the trick is to be yourself and dont do anything like those other girls until you discuss it with your mother or someone you trust, and that you know you wont have a un-expected pregnacy.
well, then just ask me.
the most important thing is not to allow a man to get you pregnant.
and try to save yourself for a true love, not just give yourself to any guy that comes along
does that make sense to you??
what are you thinkin about?
trust me theres no rush
do you desire sex right now in your life?
what i meant to say is do you get 'horney' alot? where you want to have sexual contact?
no, that is a 'lower' drive.
Its like a feeling that you want to do something nasty,,,, not like the feeling you get when you talk to me.
its just feeling like you want sex.
well, if you feel like you just want to have sex, then that is a lower drive.
i have to tell you about Chakras.
but that is a long conversation
Its an eastern phylsophy. something you have never heard of yet.
you have to be much older to know this.
i will teach it to you.
would you like me to send you the file?
something that will help you to figure out some of it?
download that.
its phylosophy
and it will help you understand why you feel the way you feel.
possibly interest you in something that interest's me very much
scroll up. can you see that i am sending you a file? just accept it
download it.
Please
its nothing bad and i promise you that.
play it honey. while i'm here
it starts out kinda slow, but it ends up very good.
use your 'mature mind' OK?
self hypnosis.
NO
i would tell you if it was a hypnosis tape
i have those also
they are very very helpful
just listen to the logic
is it to much for you??
what your listening to is 'university' level study.
listen to it over and over. and if you can learn that you will move way ahead of everyone else your age.
just trust me on that on
one
i am right here.
you wont.
it takes time
and your young.
but if you start to grasp that you will excell in many many ways.
most kids your age are playing Wii.
if you learn these principals you will be much further ahead
I believe in yuou more than you know.
i believe in you deeply other wise i would have never sent you Alan Watts - the Quaking Mess
do you understand what \"the quaking mess\" refers to?
you'll get it if you ever listen to it again.
if it bores you then let it go.
but one day you might find it in-sightful
your so cute!
what hes saying is that water follows the course of least resistance.
and that people should try to do that.
to flow with the 'Tao' the great river of time and space that we are all in.
your great
i am still here.
do you know i think you are wonderful and refreshing.
do you like talking to me?
really? :)
what do most guys talk to you about?
things that interest them. or things that we have in common. But usually it doesnt take much time to realize that I dont have much in common and eventually i just loose contact
me too.
honestly
no I wont.
i am honest when i tell you that if we wouldant get in trouble we would go and take Astro for a walk.
i mean this is how it has to be. so screwed up. cause i wish i could see you.
but i cant.
BUT i really love talking to you and i will be happy to chat every day if you like.
everyday we can chat if you want.
me too.
did you dream about me yet?
lol
lol
same thing here too. I probably drempt about you too.
YEAH we went off the side of that scarey bridge!!
IT WAS!!
we were falling and falling
no we were smiling cause we knew nothing would hurt us for some reason
we were flying through the air!!
:))
OH its so cool but scarey!
LOL
talking to my nephew.
dont go.
OH, go to sleep my sweet girl
i will see you tommorow
yes a bunch of um
nite honey
HI Kellie!
How are you?
I got your messages from yesterday.
lol
hello miss. lovely
i am good. I went out last night with my last ex, the rususian girl, and with her boyfriend, who is a really nice guy.
he is good for her.
and they are nice together!
i am so glad she found someone that she likes
we went out and had some drinks, and we played pool
yea, real pool. I got my own stick and stuff.
its a lot of fun.
no, there OK. We had a nice talk and they made up. she is hard to handle sometimes
thats good.
but you have to know how she is right?
she is lible to just dump you for some other more interesting adventure. if you can handle that then your OK
right.
just understand that so you can accept it and you wont get hurt
sure!
but you know how she is.
just accept it.
what is twitter??
thats cool! do you like it so far??
cool
Kellie... do you actually live in the city of detroit?
oh good.
it would be so hard for you to go to a Detroit public school
well, its all black mostly, and there are a lot of fights and stuff like that.
good!
i hope you go to a nice school
what grade are you going into when you start school again?
cool!
almost finished with middle school!
Hey Kellie. I have to go finish painting something. I will be back in just a bit OK?
I will message you as soon as I get back and you and I can chat somemore
go tweet .... I'm gonna call you 'Tweetie'
'tweetie-bird'
:))
be my little tweetie-bird!!
:)
now the paint is drying
yea. I am.
i just walked back in.
your the only one i'm talking to anyhow. 
LOL
cool
:)
I got no one to watch my house. and Monica is in Lansing and i want her to go with me.
Monica is my partner here in this house.
Monica is NOT a girlfriend. shes a partner.
really.
shes a good partner though. she works hard.
I am glad to have her around at times. but she is not a girlfriend.
i would like to have a girlfriend nice one day
because i am to lazy to do all the work by myself.. LOL
I am a libra as you know.
and libra is also the sign of partnership.
i feel very lonely if i dont have a partner
thank you. shes been gone and i feel lonely already... silly me
its OK. seperation anxiety. I miss the people who are close to me when there not there. a weakness i have
i am a careing person. so they tell me. LOL
great and no problem
i am fine. just doing some things on my car.
she will be back by tommorow, or if we had someone to watch the house her and me could go and get astro.
i dont have an alarm system set up yet.
so I dont want to leave all my stuff here
I seen things go bad so many times i am very careful
LOL I know! i cant wait!!
nope!
:)
right.
you have to feel safe
your a strong girl!!
just gettin ready to go outside and check on the paint. I will be right back. :)
HELLO Kellie!
I was chattin just a little bit. I was just gonna turn my camera on.
NO, LOL
I have a few friends saying hello
HI Kellie
not to many. tonight they are just all saying OK
NO, you are the most pretty
NO, I mean it! you are a very pretty young lady.
very pretty.
LOL its still wet
Yea u wanna see him??
his name is alley cat cause i found him in an alley
hes sweet
LOL I have no idea
I will have to see
LOL
NO, i really love this cat
hes a great little cat
what you doin?
your one of my best friends
honestly
i like you alot.
but i wish you wer older. :((
i know.
but i really like you.
i mean i chat with you and i thik you are a great girl.
i know the reality is that we can only be friends
but i think you are lovely and very pretty
more pretty than your friends
but its so niceto chat with you.
i look forward to chatting with you every day
your a very nice girl that i really like
thank you Kellie.
so where are you now?
you have a computer in your own room?
thats cool.
you should get a little web cam.
but maybe that isnt a good idea. cause your mom and dad wouldant like it.
and i totally understand that
to many perverts on the internet.
you gotta watch them.
i hope so.
guys should be good
but i like you very much. and i think your very good
yea?
really?
thank you Kellie.
I think you are the best'est!! ;)
thanks!!
so what do you see when you look at my face?
thank you!
when I look at you or when i looked at your pictures (i didnt save them) I think your a great girl. you remind me of my neice.
why you think like that?
what makes you make that face?? 
do you want me to think of you as a girlfriend?
you know. If there was any possibility of that I would do it.
honestly.
yes.
really.
to tell you the truth.
I would take you to places and travel places and stuff like that. cause i LOVE to travel and see things
i bought a motorhome, a big nice one, when i first retired and i lived on the road for 7 years.
i lived in mexico for a year and a half
texas
arizona
california
all over
I still have a california license.
u wanna see it?
yea. to visit. I LOVE LA!
LA is the place!
well, I'm from Detroit. I just cant get it out of my system.
i been everyware. thinking I would find the perfect place for me. and i ended up just coming back home, here, to the city of Detroit. LOL
yes. and you can too.
it takes time
hang on. I made someting to eat
be right back.
Its lasania
one sec
so what you doin?
so show me more pictures of you kellie.
your just so cute.
more more more
hang on Kellie.. phone
my brother
DONT GO
KELLIE?
are you there?
i have to log off for just a minute. I will be back
wait for me for just a bit OK?
dont go unless you have to go
I want to talk to you
>:D<
HI!
I'm off the phone now. now its Only you and me.
so show me more pictures of you.
i like the one where your playing miniture golf.
the one where you were playing golf.
you look tall. how tall are you Kellie?
just look at you....
how beautiful
show me more.
disney world!
show me the most recent picture of you.
something that is recent.
i think you are so lovely. what ever boy ends up with you will be very lucky.
you dont realize how beautiful you are.
some of the most beautiful girls dont know that there beautiful.
i love looking at pictures of you.
see your happy
and healthy.
thats so good.
show me more.. Please
:)
kellie do you feel loved?
you are.
Leo loves you. see how he watches over you like at disney world
and your mother loves you.
I can see why they love you.
why?
I have a song for you.
would you like to hear it?
its Old but its how i feel deep inside
i'm sending you the music file.
its such an old song
but the words are deep.
No, I am fine. I just have a certian inner sadness thats hard to explain.
did you get the invitation to the music file i am sending?
did you click on 'acept'
no its a file i am sending
scroll up and you will see it, and all you have to do is click 'accept'
its an old song, but its very pretty.
if you want you and me can stay together and listen to music if you want.
i am not talking to anyone else.
only you.
no.
i got rid of all of them
just to talk to yu.
down load that file.
i want you to listen to it.
:(
ok
let me find it on youtube
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eETej8p1DH8
LOL this is a pretty song. reminds me of my life.
did you go? :(
lol
yea its about LA
can you hear it?
it is pretty.
tell me when your finished
LOL Kellie. I suffer from PTSD, the same thing that soldiers in combat get, and I suffer from depression also.
but i am doing very good now.
actually i am happy for the first time in a very long time.
:)
i am happy. and also YOU make me happy.
I am very happy that i had the chance to meet such a very lovely young lady
I got what soldiers get because of being in a profession where i am forced to live under prolonged periods of intense stress.
you know, that life and death kinda stuff
what kind of music do you like?
I am great
and thank you for careing
do you want to hear a love song?
ok hang on
its very old also. but very beautiful. and if you like words you will like this song.
its hard to find..LOL still looking... and dont worry... there is no one but you and me. no one,
oh well..LOL cant find it.
would you like me to type the words?
never to tired or busy for you
got to find it.
dont go!!
wait i got anotehr one. :0 hang on one sec
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VW0YLWWf2b8
tell me when. :)
do you like the words
?
wow its from 1984!!!
wow
such a long time ago
love is a very strange emotion. thats why you ahve to be so careful.
cause you can get your feelings hurt or your heart broken because of some jerk that doesnt have feelings.
and your to good for that
i mean it.
if you dont mind. I saved your picture 'cool' so I just see your face.
so what you doin?
Yea. I didnt save any of them .. Just that one. so I will have a picture of my friend Kellie.
thats all.
your a good girl.
and a friend.
what you thinking about?
i know more if you want.
lol
really pretty ones.
yea.
it be nice.
are you gettin tired yet? LOL
its gettin late for you!
well, anytime you want to go its OK. we will see each other tommorow.
its OK if your tired.
you to Kellie. have a great night
see you tommorow.
:)
Hello my beautiful girl
I just got up a bit ago. I was up all night as usual.
I had a dream that a girl who looked just like you was an actress and in a stage play..
and i waitied for you to come out so I could say hello.
but you has so many people around you that I couldant get to you and i never got to say how much i liked you.
and i remember looking for you but I couldant find you.
honest to goodness, and cross my heart.
you were older, and you were an actress.
no, I am going to pick up monica really early in this morning and then i am gonna go get him.
Hang on, brb.
hey kellie, I have to go to hist place before they close. I will be back in 30 minutes
HI Kellie! I'm back
so how is your day going?
why????
Of course not.
tell me
why?
well thats life ya know
yea k understand
No, they dont. if they fight like that it usually means they love each other more
yea.
sounds weird but that is how it really is sometimes
well you just get your laptop and talk to friends and let them fight..LOL
GOOD!
hang on one second honey. I have to go to the bathroom
BACK!
so smile for me. :)
:D
NO, its OK
ahhhh.
I am going to get astro in the morning.
I am leaving here in the early morning. and then were (Monica and I) are gonna go get him.
:)
YES.
I cant wait to get him
No. I'll get that soon
Yea, I got to get him a bunch of presents
I am gonna love that dog
I can tell
YEP!
when i get him I will show him to yu.
Its nice that you like my dog.
yea.
what kind of dog do you like so far>
?
LOL
get a doberman.
its the best dog thre is.
you would love a doberman.
yea! they are
brb honey. I have to make a call. one second
back. :)
I just talked to the Doctor (vet) and told her i was coming tommorow.
Nope. and i have to drive to Wisconson to pick him up. about 100 miles north of chicago.
yea.
its a drive..LOL
i am going to lansing early, then getting monica, then driving to wisconson and getting astro.
yea.
yea. I dont like to be by myself
I get lonely.
i like to have someone around.
i like to have a partner with me
:\">  I am the kind of guy that if i have a person i like i want to spend all my time with them
yea
what do you mean? somebody like me?
NO. I mean its Monica. But i wish i was in love with somebody again. I miss being in love.
nope.
just you.
its not who loves me thats important, its who I LOVE.
its hard for me to love someone.
but i wish i had someone in my life.
but that takes time. and its all OK.
:)
phone  one sec!
dont go
back. :)
sorry i had to make you wait
lol
are you making all the men crazy over you??
your to beautiful for them!
i WISH every day, that you were older and i could meet you.
its very hard for me, but its OK, I just think you are very lovely.
yea. I know
yes.
:)
your my little dream girl.
lol
I know
lol
you are VERY mature
i know i would really like you so much.
but its great that we get to chat.
atleast we get to talk together
i like you very much
above normal kinda like
your a very good girl in my eyes.
YOU ARE
your way better than you realize
good! you were feeling down a little before, now i hope you feel better. :)
so what you gonna do tonight?
LOL
walk down to the frige and get a pop and then you can find out. LOL
they are probably 'making up'  LOL
how come you spend so much time in your room?
do you live close to a mall?
phone again!! LOL brb
type something to me
i want to see that 'transformers' movie.
or that other movie 'public enemy'
yea.. Thats good to.
no. but i want to.
to bad i cant take you.
but if we go see it then we can chat about what we thought.
like if we go seperately, we can still chat about if we thought it was good or bad.
if it was possible i would take you in a minute.
honestly
your a good girl! 
i mean your nice and your a good girl. it be nice to see a movie.
nothing nsty!!!
nothing bad!!
it would be nice. 
one day...
maybe one day. ::
it would be like this. I would meet you and shake your hand. then we would go get tickets. and then we would see a movie, and then you would go home.
then we would log on and talk about it. :)
NOTHING bad.
EVER. I would NOT want to be the man that is to hurt you.
LOL
we would talk alot!
or sit and have a hamburger 
in the food court
just normal things. nothing Perv'y
sure!
we can be on a date, but a nice proper meeting.
nothing bad
u never been on a date.
u never been on a date.
hanging out is cool.
but a 'date' is when you just spend your time with THAT person.
and you do something JUST the two of you.
you know, like a movie, or a hamburger.
thats like a date...yea.
yea that is like a date.
lol
yea. its just doing something simple.
nothing bad,
just a simple movie and popcorn and a soda.
stuff like that.
OR go to a musium 
and see art, 
or a special event, like a concert or something.
yea.
i use the term,, 'NO expectations'
well, a lot of guys go out with a girl with the thought in there mind that they are gonna get something, like sex or kissing or stuff like that.
but the best way is to just be friends
and do a simple fun thing
and not have any expectations
and as for you and me, we could NEVER do anything wrong until you became of legal age.
so its just having innocent fun.
:)
you know that your beautiful and i would love to. but we just cant and thats ok.
a movie or hamburger is nice enough, would you agree?
just talking about life and friends and things.
we dont have to do anything nasty.
I mean of course I may want to, but i just cant.
so I am mature enough to accept it and realize that your a lovely girl who i would love to do someitn with but still do it RIGHT. and do it so we others wont think were being bad.
so bad about what?
well, its not what we do, its just what other people think.
people almost always think of the bad stuff
most people dont think good things
but you and I would know.
that we are being good and not doing some nasty stuff that they think in there perverted minds..LOL LOL
No.
No. I would love to do it with you if I could.
really. If I was a time traveler... I would travel to the perfect time so I could take you on a date... :)
either i would be young again, or i would move you to be older so we can atleast go out where no one is gonna hastle us or try to get us into trouble.
wow, wouldant that be great?
cause then I would beable to meet that girl with the beautiful red hair in my dreams last night
I seen you.
I thought you were the most beautiful of all
but i couldant have you, or even touch you or talk to you.
and you just walked away with a big croud around you.
and i know i wanted to talk to you... but i couldant
yea.... dreams are funny.
i really wanted just to talk to you when i seen you when you wre walking away.
but i couldant
but you were looking at me... and you liked me... and i like you but all the people rushed in and carried you away from me and i never even got to say hello. :(
ahhhhhh...>:D<
then i can just hug you!
you were VERY beautiful in my dream
would your mother understand?
i doubt it.
she would think i was a perv
and i'm not
but that is what people would think.
if we met and went to a movie, no one would understand that.
i know.
i hate it.
what if anyone found out. 
that is something you could not talk about.
and i am not talking about having sex or any of that!!
i am just talking about going to a movie
ONLY good things
even then no one would understand.
they wouldant believe us.
I know.
its hard to overcome the minds of other people.
i mean according to the law your still a 'kid'. 
even if you dont think you are.
that is what the law says.
and we cannot break the law.
i would love to go to the movies withyou. to talk about life and things...
but people would not understand.
they would find reasons to think we are doing bad things
we can never do anything bad
could you keep that secret?
i know i could keep that secret.
I dont save any chat logs. Not cause i want to hide anything, but just cause i like to keep private with my life. 
LOL
cause I got them to.
yes.
when i think of you I get butterflies
so tell me. what MAIN streets do you live by... NOT close, just the GENERAL area.
NO!!
not for that.
just to know where your from GENERALLY
not to close.
for exampla I live at Cadiux near chandler park drive
NO not the street!!
ok, what city?
NO, i would NEVER do that
wow. thats cool
hey hang on I will be right back
bathroom again
back.
hi Kellie
so what shows is closest to you?
which ones. Imean if yo uwant to tell me. and i PROMISE that i will NEVER come over there!!
LOL
honest... you just dont know me.
but i would never do that
wheres it at?
i used to go to the Star on Gration at 15 when i livedover that way
sometimes the one at Van Dyke and 15
the one at the macomb mall is like only $2.00
i used to.
I used to go all the time
but not so much anymore
it doesnt matter for me.
i can go anytime. 
i'm not on a schedule
sure!
transformers or something.
but i would only meet you there.
so what do you feel like doing tonight? r u just gonna stay home?
me too.
just stay home
i am gonna leave in the early morning, like 6 or something, and go get monica and then were gonna drive and get him and drive back all in the same day.
thats a good question. I dont know, but i love that cat.
i really love that cat. so I will have to try to make it work
i think there gonna get along good
I would LOVE it and be VERY happy if Astro and Alley Kat got along good.
so what are you thinking about?
what if you fall in love with me. 
and i with you....
and then we have to look at eAcho other and just feel so frustrated.
i know i would really like you. your a great girl!
yes. I like you alot/.
so far you been in 2 dreams
Its like i said before..' look but dont taste, taste but dont swallow.  Its just that looking at you. I find you so very lovely. and such a wonderful person as well.
i dont know what else to say.
i am looking at your picture 'cool' right now.
NEVER!
i like that picture>>>>>>
so have you heard from that boy that you liked?
am i the guy you like???
NEVER.
you can never be dumb to me
do you like me?
ahhh... yes its OK
I will be here for you.
if you evern want to ask me something
or have a problem
I am right here.
you know, I am not supposed to like you. I mean, I guess, what i am trying to say, is that from what people think i should not be talking to you, and you know what i mean, cause everyone will think its bad. BUT NO, I really like you. I mean I like you alot. your a great person!! 
well, according to everything people say, I am not even supposd to be talking to you...you know, because of the age thing...
BUT i dont see you that way
i feel you are older and more wise than what your age says.
I feel closer to you because i feel your special
and also I feel that i want to be a freind
and even protect you if you needed it.
>:D<
if you were around me NO ONE would ever hurt you.
it would not be possible.
i would protect you. 
we would watch our movie. and walk aroud the mall a little and then you would go home and I would go home and I would feel Like i just spent time with a wonderful person.
i have no children of myown.
I feel that I would be close to you. and I feel that I would protect you like you were mine.
LOL
and we would have a great date!
but you and me would know that.
and no one else could no, cause they would try to hurt me.
r u mad at me?
you know what they would do to me if someone found out.
you know what they would think
if i knew you could keep this between you and me I would feel much different.
but it takes time to build up trust.
I have been hurt so many times when i trusted someone.
if i KNEW in my heart that you would protect me.. that i would not be hurt... I would love to go to the movies with you. or go to eat something as often as you could go. 
i am so afraid.
i have never been in jail 
if they thought I was trying to do something bad to you they would put me in jail 
thank you for understanding.
many times i lay there and wish i could see you
wish that we could talk.
i am just so afraid.
but I feel very driven to talk to you.
and to get to know you
and to let you know you have a friend
even though I am not totally sure what is real or not real on the internet....
I feel you are sooooooo real
and soooooooo good
I have to fight the desire to want you in a deeper way
:\">
Honestly. I am not trying to say sweet things. I just feel this way in my heart.
it be nice to hug you for just a second
>:D<
:x
do you have a phone?
you can call me if you want. if no one will know.
OK, if you let me know I will give you my number and i want you to block your number. and we can talk a few minutes.
ok
u got a cell
?
ok
yap
if you wanted to.
listen to my favorite song of all songs.
i listen to it a few times a day.
yo uwant me to find it?
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2KRpRMSu4g
i want to tell you what its about.
tell me when your ready
ahhhh.. I LOVE THIS
are you ready to think??
can you hear it?
listen to the words.
Out here in the fields....
I fight for my meals...
I get my back into my living...
I dont need to fight
to Prove i'm right
i dont need to be forgiven.
listen my sweet girl
its getting ready 
very
listen...
teen age wasteland
only teenage waste land
dont cry
dont braise your eye
its only teen age waste land
sadly take my hand
we'll trvel south cross land
put out the fire
and dont look pasy my sholder
teenage wasteland
only teeenage wasteland
there all wasted!!
this song is about a soldier named bubba oreily who was killed by the germans durning world war 2.
and for all the other soldiers that were killed....
a teenage wasteland
its a beautiful song.
deep song
would you like to hear a song about love?
from the same group?
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyv_65o1HDY&feature=PlayList&p=28F2E9CCE1864344&playnext=1&playnext_from=PL&index=24
listen to this. the words are the most beautiful of any love song
it dont sound like one
but it is,
can you hear it?
i'd gladly loose me to find you
gladly give up all i got
dround a un-sung man
i call that a bargain...the best i ever had
this makes me cry.
i'm sorry
just a little.
>:D<
the ultimate love song 
very deep
i'm OK.
it just brings up old things.
but i get over it fast now.
did you like it? did you feel it?
if a man ever tells you those words, 'to get you, i'll stand naked, stoned and stabbed... I call that a bargian, the best i ever had...\"
you outta think hard about a person who can love that deeply.
i love very deeply.
its hard when you love that deep.
do you wanna hear a song that is how i feel when i love a girl sexually?
i mean if i feel high passion this song reminds me of that.
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jPLXF-lWOQ
to me i wish i could feel this way again. I dont now. I wish i had passion again.
listen to it. LOL
can you hear it?
ican see you dancing for me.
wow
listen to this ending
the guitar
so good.
do you like this kind of rock honey?
lol... another one??
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKbsh-fjDbQ
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKbsh-fjDbQ
let me try again
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKbsh-fjDbQ&feature=PlayList&p=82D3CA6857F64791&playnext=1&playnext_from=PL&index=2
weird! 
ok
go to youtube.com
look up godsmack , good times bad times
:)
tell me when..LOL
send it to me.
maybe it might work
lol
yea
wait till it starts.
LOL
i am watching you tube
yea... another love song..LOL
lol
your you.
live your life on YOUR terms
i am having so much fun!!
you wanna keep hearing songs????
OK.
what kind.
rock like before?
do you want to hear a guitar solo by the best guitar'ist in the world.
really really cool?
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGNgcRwKW4Q
this is kind of long 
but this man is one ofthe best guirarist in the world
he makes the guitar talk
just listen and you can hear how it makes it talk
its just starting,,,,
not even the song yet
listen how he makes the guitar talk
wow wow wow
here it comes
ready?
hell yea!
lol
LOL
hes the best
listen to that guitar
wow
wow
wow
do you hear that!!
butterflies!!!
:-c
and thats LIVE!
the studio version is un-bel;ieveable
listen to this part
how fast
thats really it. the rest is part of another son
wow.
you like?
when i first heard that song it blew me away at the skills this guy has
do you like Kid Rock?
he wrote a song about my unit and he mentions me in it..LOL
wanna hear it.
and i'll tell you the part.
ok... let me find it
lol cant find it.
oh well.
what you doin?
lol
you will.
so what you wanna hear next?
you wanna hear a song about how i feel about my work?
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YQWs0--CwY
it was part of a movie.
listen to the words
please
to live in LA
wanna hear a love song?
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKBATzh9q1g
do you know what love is?
if you listen you can hear it.
yea
in the words of this song
love rain on me....
on a dry and dusty road...
the nights we spent along the road
i need to get back home to cool cool rain
yes
caus it falls on you... and covers you in it.
and you thirst for it.
like cool cool rain
thats really the end
isnt it romantic!
i know
love, rain on me.
wow.
i mean that is romantic and beautiful at the same time.
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVo_Y2wZ0Tw
cant help it.
OK...
one for you and me!!!
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1hVOz_NwXI
THIS IS FOR YOU AND ME.
lol
listen.
now how he feels...
you and me. :\">
temptation, frustration... so bad it makes him cry... the bus stop, shes waiting,, his car is warm and dry.temptation, frustration... so bad it makes him cry... the bus stop, shes waiting,, his car is warm and dry. 
yea.
you dont.
you make me feel good.
that is what frightens me.
LOL
yea
very.
i would treat you so nice.
in such a good way
i just dont know how 'society ' would deal with me if they found out we even just went to the movies!!
yea. I like you alot.
wanna hear more? or are you gettin bored?
LOL
i'll understand if you've had enough or my music,. LOL
one more?
tell me what kind.
ok
let me look
lol
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHldQxgmAk4
you hypnotise me
:))
shine your light in my eyes and hypnotise me love.
OH sleepy head!!
go to bed!!
i feel like that for you... and i know i'm not supposed to. but your such a nice girl
Yea. go to bed.
i will talk tommorow OK
OHH..
maybe not tommorow.
I am going ot get Astro
but i will be back soon.
thank you!
:)
sweet dreams my dream girl!!
>:D<
I got Astro!!
he is a great dog!!
hes right here driving me nutts!!
he really loves me
he is JUST LIKE his uncle Unix, my old dog.
almost identical!!
wanna see him?
he really loves me
LOL he really goes after the alley cat..
this dog is so good!!
hes big. hes born big, cause hes a 'shultzhund\" or designed to be a guard dog
its great
i really really love this dog
him and me are very close already
hes a great dog.
thank you my sweet one!
one day you can meet him
go for a walk with us.
when you want to?
well, what part of town are you in.
maybe we can meet in a park and just walk the dog.
what park
?
ok
you can walk him.
he needs to go for walks
yes.
i will make him listen to you.
i'm so glad you like him Kellie!
no I am fine.
astro is coming in and wanting to be petted all the time.
his new home
OH Yea.
he does. but its gonna take some time for him to get adjusted. Probably 2 or 3 months
but so far he really likes it
yes. I think he will!
i think he is gonna be happy to meet you one day
were keeping them apart right now
Monica
lol
nope
she knows I'm crazy about you!! ;)
lol yep.
she knows i have to wait for you. 
YES! you know that!!!
YES YES YES
Just you.
well, i am waiting for you.
when your the right age I am gonna make you my girlfriend!! :)
I would be with you right now if i didnt think i would get in trouble.
if i didnt think we would have problems I would be with you RIGHT NOW.
you could bet mad at me and tell someone, then I would have serious problems
Like If I KNEW that it was safe to be with you I would love for you and me to go walk Astro
or go to a park and have a picnic and walk the dog and talk about life.
I would do it tommorow if I knew i wouldant get into trouble.
I need your word
that you will never repeat what we talk about .
I mean we have NEVER talked about anything bad
but i would LOVE to see you.
i would if you would never tell anyone.
do you swear to god?
you would be like an undercover cop.
you could never tell anyone who you are.
like i did for all those years.
can you do that?
then we can meet and walk the dog and talk
you would be my secret sweetheart....
my bestest friend to talk to and tell my deepest feelings to.
if I could have you, i would not want anyone else.
i promise you. On the soul of my father, I would never NEVER betray a secret that you tell me.
Never
LOL
No she doesnt know anything.
she just sees me chatting with someone but she has no idea who it is.
NO ONE knows about you.
NO one knows anything.
I dont save my chat logs
so if you were to tell me something that you needed to talk about...
something personal and secret...
like about that ex boyfriend you had
I have no record of it at all
nothig is saved
she wants you to be a good girl
and you are a good girl
but everyone gets curious.
like you and your ex.
do you save your chat logs?
ok, let me tell you how to check ok?
go to yahoo messenger. where your list of friends are
sorry got booted
now click on messenger
at the top on the right
see it?
now drop down to preferences
see it?
now go to 'arcive'
see it
archive?
click on that.
now fill in the curcle that says \"NO, dont save any of my messages\" see that?
do you see where it says 'no, do not save any of my messages' ?
cool
NOW, also clear where it says 'clear archive now'
did you do those two things? 
that is what my settings have always been.
i dont save my chat logs
I mean why? If i am having a personal conversation why would I want to save it for some nosey person to see? 
i am not like that.
so I dont save any of it.
:)
OK
well, you just got rid of anything you ever talked about
so there is no way she could find out cause the record is eraced.
your welcome
:)
so now you can tell me any secret you want. :)
yea?
what did you do?
OH Lisa
yea i remember lisa
cool.
cool
any sex?
lol
OK, well one beer isnt to bad.
LOL
i bet the boys wanted to have sex with you.
i dont doubt that.
you probably have nice friends
what time did you get home?
lol
good
good.
never let yourself go to far.
just do every thing in 'moderation'
its all gonna be tempting
lol
it would be romantic if it was you and me.
do you ever think about me in a sexual way?
no.
do you?
OK, do you wanna talk about it?
i will tell you how i feel and you tell me how you feel. 
if you want to.
you tell me first.
how do you think about me?
i know.
you do the same to me.
yea.
i wonder several things about you.
and it really drives me wild
LOL
i am embarrased to say.
cause its a sexual question kinda.
do you have hair down there?
lol
if I ever met you I would shave it off. LOL
cause i think it would be soooooo sexy/
i like it.
now you tell me something?
well oyu can tell me something or ask me anything... its your turn. :)
LOL cause they can see better where to lick.
yep,
if i like the girl.. and shes clean and nice, I love to eat her.
is that bad?
its awsome cause you know you can make the girl feel so good
I know i would really know how to make you feel good
:)
i know.
i just wish i could do that to you.
lol
are you wet down there right now?
feel and see.
just feel one second. and tell me
your with a guy! ME!
:)
lets just make it feel like i was there
try it
do it fast.
when we meet do yu think you would let me see if you get wet?
what would you want me to do.
tell me a secret desire.
what did he show you?
tell me. :)
did you like licking it?
did he have an orgasm?
in your mouth?
did you like the taste?
i want you to do that to me
will you?
yea
i have to settle down. you excite me.
LOL
hang on a second brb. dont go!
your just very great in my opinion.
:\">
lol yea. I know. you do that to me every day!!
i honestly look forward to getting on line an seeing you.
ahhhhhhhhh......
HEY!! Its 1:36. you go to bad!
go to bed now.
I will see you in the morning.
are you sure you want to stay up??
no, i would love to talk more to you.
i look forward to it
Monica took him with her up to get something for us to eat.
we were working on the front gate today so he can run free in the yard.
hes such a nice dog Kellie!
very loving dog
and very pretty
he reminds me so much of Unix.
Its like having my Unix back
yes....
last night was so cool
cause i cant sleep at night most of the time
but what happened... I got up on friday morning at about 11 am
then i drove to lansing to get monica....
then we drove to racine wisconson to get astro.
then drove all the way back and got home, back here, at about 6am.
so i was so tired
i went to bed at about 6:30
and monica went to bed in her bedroom.
and astro would sleep with me for a little while
then go sleep with monica for alittle while.
and he would walk around the house and come in and sniff in my ear
I knew he was watching stuff
it was a great feeling.
yea.
NO, i promise he wont bite you
hes a real sweet dog
no, he will love you.
your gonna really like him
hes tough looking
he used to be a police dog
hes retired now, but he used to be a police dog
like me! LOL
LOL
hes a 'middle aged' dog.
hes 6 human years. and they say that 1 human year is 7 dog years.
so hes a middle aged dog.
but i didnt want to get a dog that was to young and to agressive like unix was.
now Unix might have bit you.
unix had bitten a few people
not astro so far.
lol
no, hes OK
LOL
brb honey
gonna get something to eat.
she just got some chicken.. so i am having a piece of chicken.
have you ever had 'Popeyes Chicken'?
LOL I eat out almost every night
what is your favorite food?
i like that too.
i love it all.... Chinese, American, Thai, Italian, Arabic, Mexica
Yes... I think you are so very sweet and so nice... i am not supposed to say so but your very sexy also.
LOL Yea.. I had one piece of chicken breasts and some red beans and rice and I gave astro what was left of mine.
he did! he is sooooo much like my dog Unix... I find myself calling him Unix from time to time
whats worse is than when i dont talk to you I really miss you!
:\">
ahhhhh
Monica just opened my door and threw alley cat in the bedroom.
hes been hideing out up stairs.
now hes all happy cause hes in my room.
that cat really loves me
he sleeps on the bottom corner of my bed everynight
me too!
they will.
just need time
:)
what you doin?
chattin with you... and watchin the military channel in the back ground
gonna go to bed in a bit.
r u tired? :(
is your room all pink?? LOL LOL
cute.
LOL
chte.
cute
is it hot there?
i am very comfortable
just really happy lately.
and i am so glad that i got to see you today.
:)
u like him from what you see?
i cant wait for him to give you kisses.
:)
you tell me.
hang on.... brb one second
back
:)
Nope, couldant go to sleep before i gave you a good night kiss!  :-*
I think we get along well when we talk.
i feel like your like my online girlfriend and i am not happy if I dont talk to you.
yep.
>:D<
LOL
i know,
your sittin there on your bed under your covers.
i can imagine
what you wearin?
I am here totally naked. NOT cause I'm horney, Its just a bit hot, and i have a sun tan bed , one of my own,
and i got a BAD sunburn!!
so clothes right now hurt
LOL
I didnt realize how bad i burnt my back
its VERY burndt
so I am just sleeping naked until it gets better
yea.... cooler.
I got my robe right here. I will just put it on and open the door.
my bedrrom door is closed cause i have alley cat on my bed
wish i could see you in your panties.
LOL but i cant. :(
thanks honey.
yea. I got really fried..LOL
silly me.
that tanning bed really works!! LOL
yea. I bought it off this lady a little while ago
lol yea.... or i would have a sun burnt pee pee!! :))
i can only imagine how pretty you look.
your hair on your head?
your hair is TOTALLY BEAUTIFUL!
i love your hair
u want to show me more pictures of you?
i love that.
i have that one 'cool' saved.
but i would love to see more of you.
:-*
you showed me some other ones I dont remember which ones they  were. 
but i just like to see you, and it gives me an insight into who you are as a person.
sorry Kellie.... I had to restart.
:((
I didnt see your pictures
>:D< I missed you!!
so can I see more picture again?
so sweet!
wow
so pretty
i wish age didnt matter.
i know you and me would be really good together
i know your young. but your totally beautiful
LOL NOPE! I REALLY MEAN IT
your girlfriends are UGLY compared to you
to me you stand out.
I see your true colors shining through
let me say one thing. cause its constantly on my mind.
just let me talk a minute and maybe you can understand.
OK?
i know i've said this before but just put up with me so you can see the pain that i am suffering over you.
I have never gotten into any trouble.
I have NEVER talked to a young lady like you that i actually like.
I have been lied to, and betrayed by women almost all of my life, even though I have been a good man to them.
I am opening myself up to get into serious trouble, even just meeting and walking the dog and talking.
NOTHING to do with sex.
I am that worried....but I also want to see and meet you so very much
so my life is in your hands.
if you choose to hurt me there is nothing I can do.
all you need to do is just call 911 an tell them I did all this stuff to you and I will be in big trouble.
let me say first of all. I would NEVER get you into trouble.
Never,
I would die to protect you. and when your with me no one would ever hurt you
I want you to think about this tonight as you are going to sleep. because this is a mature decision, and one that requires to have ultimate trust in each other.
I need to trust in you. 
even if your mad.
or upset
you can NEVER betray our friendship
I would never betray you.
and i promise this on the soul of my father.
if we do ever meet, just to talk and have dinner at the mall or something like that.
I need to know that you would not tell someone, because no matter how innocent it is between us, people will try to say it was something different
i would love to meet you Kellie.
as a friend, and a soul mate, to talk and simple things
I find you very attractive,. much more than normally,
but I am so afaid.
but I would love to meet you.
just to talk
please, my future is in YOUR hands.
please dont hurt me.
I do NOT have any bad intentions toward you
and i think you know that
i want us to keep this our little adventure.
our little 'love story' that no one will ever know.
if one day you find a young man that you really like, and you decide to go with him, I will not hold you back or fight with you or tell any secrets
I will support your decision out of love and respect for YOU as a person
and its ok if you do eventually find someone you really like and we cant see each other like we once did.
I understand. I am a man , not a boy. and i can handle it.
but please dont hurt me Kellie.
u could ruin my life. 
trust
then NEVER say anything no matter what.
not to Lisa, after you had a beer or something one day
or not to a guy you met and you like..... Just dont say a thing
thats between us... and i promise, again on the soul of my dead father, i will NOT ever tell anyone anything we ever talk about.
and i also promise, with my blood, i will protect you and no one will hurt you if your with me.
NO. I will not get you into trouble.
all we are as far as people are concerned is we just chat on the internet.
right?
cool.
so now you got rid of the chat logs
thats good
your welcome.
does she have access to your laptop? 
put passwords on EVERYTHING
i would love to meet you one day and take astro for a walk
so far i am VERY impressed with you.
your a very lovely young lady
well, sorry about all tht.
that was what i had to say
i know its alot.
and you are mine.
yes. do you swear to god never to repeat anything we say to each other?
do you swear to that?
I swear as well.
because you would hurt me and ruin my life.... and i lay myself at your feet to do with me as you will... yuou could make me happy, and strong and a better person through your friendship...
or you can put me in jail and ruin your life.
i mean my life
those are the options.
and i trust you.
>:D<
my fate is at your feet.
i am very happy to have gotten to know you.
:)
well my love... I am gonna go to bed.
:)
you too!
thank you for letting me tell you what is going on in my head
your a very mature girl.
I will see you tommorow?
good night my love.
:)
:)
:x
>:D<
HIIIII!!!
what ya doin?
no, I'm OK.
I am just here taking time with the dog.
helping him get aquainted here
good.
hi am proud of him how hes doing
hes buggin me right now..LOL
he is sittin here right next to me with a great big dog smile
LOL
i am glad to have him.
no. LOL not yet
what did you do today?
LOL
YEA... I remember your being up late!! LOL you and I were both up talking together!! LOL
i ALWAYS remember everything we talk about.
I ALWAYS remember you.
LOL till about 3pm..LOL
tons.
you wernt in any....
otherwise i would be telling you all about it!
your my little dream girl!
told ya!!
lol
so did you do anything today? did you see lisa and those guys you were talking to the other day?
did you help her?
good girl!
good girl to help your mother.
i'm proud of you.
i slept all day, then I got up, and went to home depot and got some stuff for the house.
I took astro to the store with me
Monica is working down in the lower hallway
NO he waited in the car i bought for him.
i bought a ford tauras station wagon just for him
Yes. He cant go alot in my mercedes benz.
the mercedes is a good car. not the kind of car for a dog
but the tauras is a NICE car.
and its bigger for him to walk around in.
you know what.
i want you to know something about me
I am the same way with a girlfriend or a wife.
i always provide for them
if you are my girlfriend and you need a car I get you a car to use.
or clothes
or winter boots
or a purse
what ever.
I get that for you. 
that honestly is just how i've been.
and your so sweet.
better than anyone else.
would you like to talk to my ex girlfriend? 
she is messageing me now.
I want you to talk to her
but I want you to lie 
and tell her your 18
see what she says about me.
and see how pretty she is
just tell her your 18
just make a friend.
to let you know that i dont lie
NOOOOO...
Just say something if you want
this is how her and i talk
she is VERY nice
tell her your not old enought to go to the bar yet
send her the 'cool' picture
she is my ex
do you like her?
in the conference window go to actions, then click on 'send a file' and then find 'cool' and send that
you could pass for 18
easy
isnt she pretty?
shes also nice
she is the first blonde/blue eyed girl I really ever dated
i was with latina's and Italian girls
here I will send it to her. Is that OK?
if i send you your 'cool' picture?
i wont if you dont want me to.
ok. I just want your permission
just the cool picture
ok, i sent it to her.
i am soooooo happy to see you!!!
not sure.
its OK
maybe you outta change your profile
you wont
were just gonna lie about it.
we can tell her that your 18
thats all.
and were just chatting
right
this way, we also have a witness./ 
because she can say that we were all just friends, the i introduced you to her.
that we never had any bad intent to do anything wrong other than be friends.
no matter what people may thing
shes still on the phone.
but you see my point?
and I trust sophia
i do trust her
what ya doin?
I think so. that doesnt sound bad. tell her i am a good online friend, that we never met in person.
thats true aint it?
I can say that... that you are one of my best online friends, that i like you ALOT but we never met.
ask me here first if your not sure.
your chat logs are still not recorded right?
right
you wanna know one reason why?
let me tell you this, and teach you a lesson about your civil rights
when you save a chat log you are incriminateing yourself. 
lets say, in your future, you get used to saving chat logs....
and then you get involved in some issue or crime where you didint even know you were making a mistake.
OR, maybe you are doing something wrong...
NEVER create evidenve againce yourself!!
and the first thing the police cease is YOUR COMPUTER
looking for evidence they can use against YOU 
and that is a direct violation of your 5th amendment rights to 'self incrimination
shes nice
shes from russia
are you OK now?
sophia this is my friend Kellie
I was telling her about you.
Kellie,, sophia used to be my girlfriend but now she has a great new boyfriend, and him and I are good friends
hes a good guy...sophia have you talked to him?
thats cool
when he comes back we gotta go out,.
LOL
no, but if you go with Kacsper it will be cool
he loves you.
hes a nice guy.
Hes becoming a good friend.
sophia has a good boyfriend
she used to be my girlfriend.
but thinks happen for a reason.
if you just accept the reason
all the guys want to be your boyfriend!
show Kellie some pictures of you sophia
go to her web site Kellie
Hamtramck is a very cute city
u goin out tonight sophia?
OHHHHHH.... OK. I was thinking about goin out for a beer or something.
so your going to London. you outta just drive a little further and go to Niagra Falls
OH! good. I will call  you. Monica just got back so she might want to go out for a bit
but if not, I am gonna call you
I havent seen monica in over a week
so she MIGHT want to go out a bit
but if not I'll call you and we can go shoot pool
YEA shes being nice.
LOL
LOL
OK!!
kellie is afraid a little I think to give out to much information.
you know how it is sophia
its OK with me.
she lives around in our area
thats all cool
kellie is to young to get into bars now sophia
and she really doesnt drink
Not like YOU!!!!
:))
remember?
Kacsper got carded!!
:))
ok
Kellie looks REALLY young for her age
how do you send a pic on here (conference) sophia?
i think i figured it out
i told her to go above in this window
click on 'actions'
then click on 'send a file'
then 'brouse' for the file
then attach it and send it in the confrence
ok
you  see above at the top of this window kellie?
ok sophia
send it to her then
yea I'm here
Kellie is waiting for you
did you see her picture?
i love her hair sophia!!
its so pretty, curly and all
her hair to me is really pretty!
shes like you to sophia... she doesnt wear a lot of make up but she is still very pretty.
that is from a mans point of view.
i wanted you to tell her some things about me sophia.
tell her what you think of me, even though your my ex.
lol
I can never say one bad word about sophia.
to me sophia is a wonderful person, and I would help her any time she needed it.
I am glad she has a new BF.
i am glad i met you Kellie
really.
I feel lucky cause we get to chat everyday
you and me Kellie
and I like that.
:)
Yea Kellie, I feel the same about you. Its always fun to chat with you. and you like my dog Astro!
Hey sophia, Kellie seen astro on the web cam the other day!
OH sophia
I'll call later.I am gonna stay on and chat with Kellie
i will see you later.
if i am gonna go out I'll call/
and make sure you get Kacspers permission
I will NOT go out someplace unless he knows.
OK? :)
if we go out tell him both you and me are going so he knows.
see ya later !!
bye !!
LOL
as you can see you have nothing to be afraid of with me
thank you Kellie.
that means alot to me
shes a good person. were friends.
not romantic.
that part is over
we dont have any physical drives about each other.
but she is a friend. :)
i am mature enough to handle that.
NEVER!!!!
NO, I would tell you everything every inch of the way.
and we will talk about it.
and if i am making a mistake and you convince me that i am wrong, i am not such an ass to think i am always right.
if you really REALLY become close to me, where i care for you as a person, then nothing can make me stop. you will have me as a friend who will care for you the rest of your life.
i am that kinda guy.
Her boyfriend really likes me.
she got mad a few days ago cause he wanted to hang out with me and leave her home and she got all freaked out.
LOL
yea she likes him and hes a good guy.
they call me 'uncle george'.
LOL
if were out and someone gives them a problem they say \"go talk to my uncle'.
her boyfriend thinks I am like a guy out of the movies.
so does sophia
alot of people I know who get to know me think i am like a person in a movie.
LOL
i think its funny.
but i take it as a nice compliment and try to stay humble.
LOL
No, i have quite a few people who think i am ...... ahhh..... awesome (your words!) but its not how i make them feel that is important to me... Its how the other person makes ME feel! If they give me butterflies and make my heart sing, then that is where i am pulled to go.
do you kinda see what i mean?
so far..
as the way i see it right now...
yes.
who?
sophia is very pretty.
i will let her tell you about her and me if she cares to.
but she is very pretty.
i dont go out with a \"ugly\" girl
if you know what i am trying to say
I mean I am a little superficial in the sense that my eyes tell me what i like...and I cant help that.
OH thats right. you never saw any of my ex's.
some were out right beautiful
but a good heart? a true person to me? is much better than being the MOST pretty.
BUT YOU are extremely pretty/
so talk to me. tell me what your think'in?
Shawny!
LOL
hes so cute!
I am his uncle george
and hes a cute kid
the real father is such a jerk that he never even met shawny
nope. Just a sperm donar.
not a father at all. never even met shawny.
sorry. one sec.
back!
sorry
well life is a lesson.
i was the oldest of 8 kids
and born a strict catholic my mom had a lot of kids
my father died at home in his bed...with my mom for over 30 years
BUT IT AINT LIKE THAT ANYMORE
people these days they lie.
they will get you pregnant
and then run off.
and leave you with this life.
when your ready i would like to teach you something.
say when
something about life.
and about having a kid.
LOL
well, be careful NOW.
wait for the RIGHT MAN
wait till you become 30
NOT NOW. and dont trust any of these guys
dont trust any of these young guys who make you promises.
use your best senses.
make good choices.
and be aware of what can happen to you if you get pregnant
it would change alot of things in your life
be a smart girl
I say, be a mom,,,, sure..... but not NOW.
wait till you have lived YOUR life
and seen the sights meant for YOU to see
then when your ready
and you know the man loves you
and your sure, or as sure as you can be...
then make a decision.
good!
:)
I dont want to be uncle george again!! :))
yes it can happen.
i am fortunate not to have kids.
but that could change if i met a person who i thought would be a good mother to my kids
I havent met her yet.
I thnk that is a wonderful thing for you to say.
you are a wonderful girl.
breath taking actually
what you thinkin?
i am very thankful i met yu.
i like you alot.
i think about you every day.
you know i mean it. I think about you... and how you are.
i worry about you to. where you are. all those crazy boys.
lol  drinking to much beer! LOL
good!
:)
can i ask you something?
i mean your at that age you know....
have you been with a boy 'all the way' yet?
good.
i think your doing it right really
I mean if you had a boyfriend you know some little stuff to make him happy
but you are saveing whats special for a special person later on in your life
yea.... your right. Its like if you want to get rid of a dead beat or a moocher just loan them money... then when they come back to wanna borrow more you can say 'you never paid me back the money i loaned you in the first place'.
i mean he has already shown his true colors
well, you made a good choice.
first of all, whoever you are with MUST be aware that you are a fertil woman and that you could get pregnant
and to take what ever is necessary to avoid that
then also someone who is mature enough to keep what happens between you and him very private
right
he would run his mough
mouth
not me.
do you wanna know how i feel about this.
i wish i could be totally honest with you and not scare you.
you know what Kellie?
i have not made good choices in my life.
i have always gone for the pretty girl
a girl that liked sex
that i could get sex with
and they ended up being all ALL sluth
sluts
and liars 
cause you have to hide the fact that your fooling around on the man you promised to be faithful to.
right?
I have never had a virgin.
I never thought i ever could so I just let it go in my mind to accept that i am just gonna have to be wtih sluts
I would love to be with a girl one day where i'm the first
and then it would be great if we ended up being in a relationship and i had a baby MY BABY AN NO DOUBTS!! 
with a girl where i was her first
and that she loved me
but i will never have that
i wont
i mean its OK
i know i just wont
no.
she would be my innocent one.
and if she loved me... I mean really loved me....
i would feel so different
its hard to explain.
i am like an old dog.
LOL
I wish i could open the top of my head and let it all out.
go back to being young again.
and hang out with you.
:)
you mean about sex and girls?
I know alot.
I know ALOT and i could make you feel VERY good.
but is that a good thing or a bad thing? LOL
but i know i could please you.
lol
i wish one day we can.
we just gotta be careful
cause i am getting feelings for you.
its scarey!
lol
i may end up loving something that i cant have.
:(
and it will drive me to peices
like starving to death....
its OK
right now i can chat with you.
for me this is what i want.
like i said before.
I'll wait 4 you.
till the day i can take you out.
that is 17
I would LOVE to walk astro with you.
we just have to be adult and careful not to get your mom mad or get me into trouble.
but just to walk the dog or talk in a public place?
i think that is great
cause you know i am not out to 'fuck' you or 'screw' you or all that BS
i just think you could be a good part of my life.
a little friend.
to talk to, and walk the dog
I'm sure that this is happened before in human history.
a young girl with an older guy
tell you what. 
when we first meet, I will give you a hug and a kiss on your cheek. thats all 4 now. OK?
our first time
I will give you a nice hug, a clean hug, and a kiss on the cheek.
if thats OK with you.
:)
is that OK with you?
thank you!
:)
yea.
thats what i mean. I would like that also.
you know....
are you busy?
what you thinkin about?
why dont we meet someplace.
what general area is good for you? easy for you?
no rush!
but if you ever want to, and its a good time, i would like you to meet astro.
:)
do you ever think of me romantically?
lets see how we feel after we meet and walk the dog and things first.
go step by step maybe
i think of you the same way
but i dont want it to be in a bad way. I really feel you may be a true love to me.
if that makes any sense.
lets cross that bridge when we come to it.
i am willing right now just to meet and walk and talk.
and be friends.
and hopefully, if possible , NEVER say NEVER
:)
i wish i could just hug you right this moment! :)
>:D<
we could watch a cool movie
heres a stupid question.
but i have to ask.
lets say everything went perfect.
and you and me, dispite what society says, or anyone else says, you and me fall in love
and we are very romantic and very serious but we have to live this secret life so we dont get into trouble.
could you do that?
LOL
adverture.....
I love it!!
I am very impulsive
romantic
adventrous
and i LIVED that life my whole life!!
i never had kids
i never settled down
i kept being a kid
i guess if we were on 'jerry springer' they would all say i am a bad guy
but i never had any kids
you seem very much like an adult to me
if you ever 'ran away' i know a place you could go!! LOL
LOL
LOL
yea it would huh.
i could be uncle geo.
LOL
you know what?
I would go rent some little motel in a nice place for a week or a month, and we could just hang out there
you could find a decent little place, a motel room, big enough to stay in, on a lake or something, and rent it for the whole week or a month or something. 
i will have money to do that soon.
its so fun!!!
i mean it really is!!
we would BOTH of us be in a new place!
some cool little spot
and just relax like our own little world
wow, your making me smile
lol
u should call me.
is there a payphone near you?
oh well.
tonight?
ok!
Kellie. I am very excited to know you.
I like you so much as a person.
from just knowing what i read that you type to me, i can see that my personality is drawn to you.
if there is any way we can be friends it would make me very happy.
like i said this is OUR secret.
and OUR friendship 
and its up to us what we make happen to it.
I promise to be a loyal friend to you.
you have my word
i will not hurt you.
and anything that we ended up doing, it will be something that YOU want when YOUR ready where YOU decide. NOT ME
:)
Now your my GF.
LOL
do you accept?
;)
Now its like that new song that says 'If ya want it you should of put a ring on it!!'
;))
I DO!
:)
LOL
>:D<
now your my online girlfriend.
no one higher than YOU
i am NOT talking to anyone else.
JUST YOU
:)
you got a BF.
LOL
a secret one!
:-$
;)
LOL
so are you tired yet?
ok.
lol
hey!
I have an arizona area code.
will that show up as a long distance call on the phone bill?
maybe we should find out first before you call.
just to make sure.
we dont want to run up a big phone bill.
I'm not sure. ask your mom in the daytime
i could give you my number if you want.
and if you get a chance you can call.
I can get you a phone card to call me and give it to you when we see each other.
that way you can just charge all calls to the phone card i get you
no, you dial an 800 number, then you put in the info (the number you want to call and the numbers to the phone card itself) and the minutes you use to call me are taken off the card... not your moms phone.
we will figure out something.
you can if you want. I mean i dont know.
you want to call me?
is your mom asleep yet?
let me know when you think shes asleep
No, not tired. I am waiting for you to go to bed then I am gonna go outside and set up my lights and finish working on my gate I just put up in my drive way.
i can go out for an hour and come back if you want.
if your not here we can talk tommorow if you want.
ok, dont log off I will go outside for a bit and come back in and talk and go back out.
i will be back in a few minutes
:)
bye for now
my GF!!
:-*
HI!! i'm back
I finished working on that gate
you probably went to bed. you should go to bed.. you stay up so late!! your like me. LOL
message me tommorow
HI!!
I just logged on. was hoping to see you.
what are you doing?
yea. I was outside painting my new gate. I put up a gate to the back of the house.
so now its done.
and i painted it.
yea.... and hes barking and barking and driving me nutts!! LOL
nothing...
hes just barking,.
i guess he's gonna do that till he gets used to it out here.
lol
hes fun.
he slept with me last night
with monica
i know. hes a good cat
hang on let me go get alley cat,
one second
so how is your day going?
OMG!! who??
lol
i would NOT like that
who is cindy?
cool.
so whats your plans today?
ok
let me look
i wanna get out of thie house.
Monica is a bitch today and i dont wanna be around her.
she drinks to much!!
she is nice, but she is also an alcoholic
she is weird.
she has smashed 3 of my cars, been locked up 3 times for drunk driving
arrested 2 times for assualting me 
i mean the list goes on and on.
thats why we are not together like before. 
i dont want that
she WAS my girlfriend
for about 8 years
NOT NOW nor will she ever be again.
i dont want her as a girlfriend
i am very discusted with her sometimes
LOL when i go in her room it smells like a brewry
she has beer bottles hidden all over the house.
shes an alcoholic
mexican alcoholic
thats is one reason that i was telling you dont get to caught up in drinking
i am just gonna stay here in my room and watch tv.
NEVER
what?
Nope. your my online GF!!
geo and Kellie TLA
i know. i ended up putting up that gate till late
i just painted it right now
it looks like a good gate. I painted it a shade of red/burgandy
it looks nice.
better than what it was for sure.
ahhhhh.
its gonna look better and better
nope
just sittin here thinkin
watching this movie
just feeling down cause of her attitude.
so I am sittin here all by myself just thinkin
your here. so i cant feel bad now. :)
honest!
i am so sorry!
I didnt mean it i just got so into putting up that gate
thank you for forgiving me
yes, and i am so sorry to make you wait.
i know honey!!
i totally understand
lol bad stuff. LOL
NO, doin bad stuff to you!! :)
of course!
who else do i think about?
tell me. :)
i was thinking alot about you last night and the risk i would be taking
i know.
you primised me
and i totally believe you and trust you %100
i totally believe you.
and i mean that
you are someone I would take a chance with.
like i said, I honestly would love to just hug you and kiss your cheek and walk astro and talk to yu.
you are someone special to me
yes.
i wanna hug you and kiss you and walk the dog and talk
you know me...
i am just a little parinoid..LOL
Yea hes not barking so much, i opened my window so he can see me 
yea, he feels better when he can see me
do you think of me?
really?
do you think about me sexually?
yes. i want you to tell me what you think about. will you?
i promise i wont think anything bad
i would like that.
would you like to do that to me?
tell you what.
lets meet a few times.
talk, and walk the dog
and get to know each other as friends better
then if you still want to we can talk about it,
does that sound good?
i am SOOOOOO glad!
i want that more than you know.
you know what i want to do too?
I would like to do the same thing to you.
:)
your gonna like it.
have you ever tried a viberator?
lol
i am gonna make you feel good one day.
LOL REAL GOOD
can i lick it?
great.
one day i will. I'll be the first if you want.
ONE DAY
:)
what do you think about when you think about me romantically?
tell me what you want to do if we are ever romantic
i would love that.
i would really love that
to be honest?
do you want the truth?
I think being close to you would be the most exotic thing i have ever done.
and to be with you would be the most exciteing think i could ever think about.
do you have a camera?
i want you to take a picture of you in your panties in front of the bathroom mirror.
I PROMISE.
I swear to god. just like you swore to me
I will never tell anything.
ever
and i PRAY you will keep your word as well.
I PROMISE that what ever happens between US is between US. I swear to god.
right!
and i never break promises
and I think your sexy.:\">
r u alone now?
why dont you walk up to a pay phone and call me.
do you have a little bit of money?
find a pay phone where i can call you back
then call me and give me the number and i will call you right back
then we can talk
i would LOVE that so much
its safer.
how far away is a pay phone for you?
i would LOVE to hear your voice.
to talk to you.
that would be so special
i know
me to. trust me
brb  dont go
went out and gave astro some food and water
Hes getting used to it here.
hes gettin better
i got my window open so he can stand up and look in my window. so he doesnt feel lonely
and now hes got some food and water
so hes doing better
:)
oh yes.
hes spends most of his time inside.
but i want him to be outside too so he can watch the yard and the garage
yea. thats why I got a doberman Kellie. Hes a 'personal protection animal'... so i want him out on 'patrol'.
if anyone comes in the house or the garage or the yard Astro will be on guard
good way to think huh?
LOL YEP.
that is why i choose a doberman
hes not only a great pet!
he listens.
he obays commands
he is trained not to go to the bathroom in the house.
he will protect you
and once he realizes that THIS is his place, NO ONE will ever get in.
and if someone is in he will come wake me up and i will get my gun and go find out whats going on.
I am careful. I know how to protect myself.
plus the dog now?
i feel very safe
>:D<
you are the best girl in the world!
:)
LOL
i have been calling alley cat.
I dont know where alley cat is.
hes around someplace.
he likes to hang out on the neighbors house
the house is empty right now, the neighbor's house i mean
i got him
i think i am gonna take him for a walk for a minute
OK?
i will be back
astro
dont go, cause i want to chat with you.
I missed youuuuuuu!
i just walked back in from taking astro for a walk.
yea. hes a good dog.
he walks good.
he doesnt pull
and a LOT of people like him. they tell me how pretty he is
i dont ever let anyone pet him except someone close.
YOU can pet him all you want.
not many people do I allow to pet my dog
but YOU can
:x
do you see how special you are to me?
:)
what ya doin?
do you know chess yet?
if you do.
I will play any game with you that you want.
checkers or what ever you like
I dont know dominos.
your my FAV. I just wanna hold your hand
:)
no, just watching mixed martial arts on 'spike' TV... and talking to you.
nothing else.
OH, and keeping an eye on astro. LOL
yes. I used to.
i used to be an amature boxer,
brown belt in Judo
Purple belt in Tai quan do
i studied Jui jitsu
Wing chung do 
pressure points
chokes
all that stuff
plus expert with a pistol.
sniper trained.. AND anti sniper trained
and I know how to knife fight
PLUS i got a shultzhund doberman ex police dog
LOL
i would say i am OK.
:)
jst takes time
lots of time
yea.... i hear that alot.
and its true
i mean not to brag
but you would be pretty safe with me
i am just a little out of shape right now.
i used to study mixed martial arts for years.
and i belonged to a gym 
and i was fighting this really big guys
and usually i can throw or trip or flip the thinner guys cause of my Judo experience.
but i tried to throw this great big guy
and totally ripped my left rotor cuff muscle.
so i can hardly move it from time to time
i need an operation.
my doctor told me to get surgery....
ASAP
so i been lazy and i got a little fat. LOL
for ME... i feel very fat.
so if you ever see me dont run away!! :)
OH yea!
right
LOL
that you seen me on cam?
no...
do you have spike tv at your house?
cnannel 57?
do yo uhave a TV in your room?
ok. :(
we can watch the same tv together.
like we are on a date.
just on the internet
if i knew it was OK i would get you a little TV for your room, but we'd get in trouble
brb gotta bring astro inside.
yea. but i wish i could
i would if i could
Not yet.
I am gonna call her soon.
but right now i just wanna talk to you
only YOU YOU YOU!!
what you doin?
what you thinkin about?
ahhhhhh.....
am i to old to be your future husband?? 
LOL
marriage is hard!
either am i!!
LOL
marriage is hard work
so what you thinking?
you know.... I am willing to keep going with you.
i feel i can trust you.
that you know you have my life in your hands
and i feel I can trust you not to betray me
and i want to tell you things.
and talk to you
and get to know you.
to me your great
tell me
YOU DO!!
I DO CARE
honestly!
its not about anything bad.. Its really cause i like you as a person. and to me you are very special
i am only talking to you.
yes.
would you like to see it. I NEVER show it to anyone.
but i trust you.
would you like to see it?
www.myspace.com/geo_allino
keep that secret
i am just such a personal person. I dont tell much about myself unless the person is very special
ahhhhh... thanks
ok. LOL send me the link to yours?
so cute... that pink floppy hat.
i can look and look at pictures of you cause your so cute.
so your layin around on your laptop.
yea?
you in your pj's yet?
thats cool. its kinda early anyway.
i am thinkin if i am gonna go for a ride tonight or sometihng
i dont know
i just feel like getting out of the house.
shes in there drinking beer i assume. tahats all she ever does.
she drinks then becomes grouchy.
but i really dont know anyone else that i want to go out with.
i know. 
its OK
if i could see you i would
but its OK
some day!
we can go sit and talk someplace.
when you want to?
it doesnt matter to me. I have all the time to do what ever i want. I dont have a schedule.
i just dont know what area your in.
ok!
sure. i am in no rush. I really enjoy talking to you anyhow
yea.
it goes on for awhile.
but really i am just waiting to here something from you.
sometimes. I mean sometimes i know where things can go or how bad they can get so I get afraid because i know and understand what can happen.
but when i feel that way, I usually prepare myself, get my pistol or knife or bottle or something
i dont always fight fair,
i fight to win.
LOL I always wanted to just go home after my shift was up.
many of my friends didnt.
well, I am not a 'normal' citizen.
I was called to go places where 'normal' people would run away from.
its just what i do.
i go where the danger is.
most are.
Most guys look up to me.
Not trying to brag
but most people who know me, men or women look up to me or atleast give me respect. 
i know you do.
hey,,, you wanna hear that song my kid rock?
i can 'send you the file'
if you want
down load that.
LOL
listen to the words
click accept
i think you have to accept it.
whats your yahoo email address??
yea
i am gonna email it to you.
its on the way!
tell me when you get it.
Its called \"roving ganster'
listen to the words
:)
i feel like this alot. if you ask me if i'm mean, or if i can be mean, listen to the words to this. 
no.
i dont get mad.
i dont know what part your at.
ahhhhhh...dance for me!
ahhhhh
its a good song huh?
if you listen to it the part says \"u un=grateful, hateful little son of a G (that was my nick name at gang squad) I'm a dead head runnin from the D. P. D. 
and its about gansters.
LOL
or the guys who catch gangsters
LOL
i am the G.
LOL
OG
do you know what OG means?
lol
you just never seen that side of me
i can be very mean.
not to you.
but if the curcumstances went bad i am a very dangerous person for a bad guy to go up against.
NO.... you can get me mad.
I would never be mean to you.
so what ya doin now?
wanna hear another song about how i feel about my work?
cool
listen to it ... you'll hear it then.
its a cool song
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUvsnD9fLt8
the words
from an inner-city cop's point of view
i know
its hard for many people to get adjusted to.
that is what attracts them to me
i'm a little crazy.
lol
in a good way
u wanna hear more?
what EVER you want.
what kind?
ok
LOL let me look
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtSuBHKhDyQ
beautiful
so beautiful
do you like it?
oh, after this PLEASE let me play you another one... JUST for YOU. OK?
i hope you liked that.
would you like to hear another love song?
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykAv8xwv0Bs
i used to live in New Orleans.
this song reminds me of NO
but listen to the words. One day you'll fell this way
these songs make me very emotional
she has a hat like you!!
did you like it?
one more?
I love it!
after this again
i love this song!
the words
one day will be you.
:)
that is a rode you will have to travel yourself my love.
you will have to follow your heart.
and hope things will be OK.
if you want it.
if you keep your word
to me especially
things will be good.
i will watch out for you.
more southern rock songs? ONE more?
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yojZ-Ksr8AE
you like deep.
so here goes.
all my fav songs
midnight rider
which one do you like best so far?
OH one about me??
hang on
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJN3PGqDRNg
ME
didnt work!
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJN3PGqDRNg
ok I just started it.
this song is cool
I'm a looser baby, so why dont ya kill me!?
LOL this song is so cool.
lol. I really am. you just dont know it yet.
LOL its OK
were all losers
wanna hear a sex song???
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx4iV_oxaIk
turn down the volume!!
:-$
:))
isnt this a nasty song! 
LOL
obviouslly it never made it big on the radio..LOLOL
=))
that is a CRAZY song!!
kinda wild though if your feeling the passion!
do you know what i mean?
lol
its real intense when it happens that way
you get like totally lost in the moment
and its really passionate, and sweaty sometimes, and wild
i havent felt that way in a long time now.
but i remember how it was.
you will,. but dont waste it on some asshole
hold out for someone thats special.
u want something deep?
and see a girl who looks like you too???
there is a cover of an album that looks like you. let me find it. its gonna freak you out.
nope cant find it. :(
so are you having a good time with me?
I LOVE to be with you!
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ijh2Fqd1ZPY
are you there?
LOL
no problem !!!
i think i am gonna go out drinking.
hang on one sec.
I dont have a date
i am only talking to you
when you wanna call me?
hey.. I am gonna go lay in the tanning bed for 10 - 15 minutes. I will be right back OK?
dont go. I am not ignoreing you. I am just gonna go tan abit
NO! :))
hang on. I will be back.
sure.
when?
heres my number: 928-607-6699
that is an arizona area code
not now. I just never changed my number back
brb.
:)
ok?
:x
HI
:)
LOL yep
20 minutes
hang on a sec i am gonna make a small sandwich
brb
back
:)
sorry, I was a little hungry!
i dont know. I felt like getting out of the house. but your here so its like i am out with you.
being with you makes me happy also!
well, i 'exsist' here.
i am not so happy always.
but i 'exsist'.
:)
dont get me started...
or I'll play that 'crazy B\" song again for YOU YOU YOU
sittin here.
i am wishing that you could just ride around with me.
i know!
you and me and the dog... and just ride around. I could show you some cool places in the city.
LOL
he would love you right away,
i can tell
phone    brb
nope. didnt go through
so what you doin?
really?
i sure make you think huh?
:)
what you thinkin about ?
ahhhhh
no, someone keeps calling my phone and its not going through
thats what it is
Karina... My ex wife.
probably to say hello. I texted her awhile ago and said hello and asked how she was, she has a new boyfriend and a new life... but we are sometimes (rarely) friends.
weird the phone
shes also a good person.
I met her when i lived in Mexico.
she is from Guadlajara, Jalisco, Mexico
u wanna see a picture of her?
no not really.
i dont think i should show you pictures. that would upset me to
brb
phone
one more sec
back!!
sorry my sweet one!
yea.
she told me shes doing good and that her boyfriend is doing good, and so I'm happy.
:)
sowhat you thinkin about?
but what?
tell me!
:)
what you thinkin about ?
well, I choose to live a more wild life.
but your still young and have your whole life in front of you!
you can learn from people like me to help you with the direction you want your life to go. :)
>:D<
if I could take you I would take you this minute.
:)
it would.
I know just where i would take you.
for our first adventrue
I would take you to the national airforce musium in Dayton Ohio.
so much to see!
such a cool place.
you would like it.
i'd be right there, telling you all about the stuff.
LOL
yea!
i mean its a cool place.
you want it to be romantic? ;)
whats the first romantic thing you want to try?
ok, lets say i just came and got you. i mean this is after we know each other.
and were all alone
someplace private
just you and me
no one else
what is the first romantic thing you would like to try?
oh yes. I would LOVE to kiss you
what next?
u want me to take it out for you to touch?
u wanna touch it?
can i put it in your mouth?
will you show me yours?
is she?
do you wanna call? you can if you want.
are you tired yet?
I'm here if your still online,.
:)
sorry, I had to go find alley cat..LOL
so I put astro in the other room and i found alley cat and now astro is in my room and alley cat is eating
i think alley cat is gonna spend the night with monica
but he usually sleeps in my bed..LOL
that cat is like a dog!!
he comes when you call him and everything! LOL
did you get into trouble?
good! good that your listening out
so you heard my voice.
LOL
yours is so TOTALLY cute
:\">
one day we got to find a way were we can talk and talk for hours if we want.
i was so nervious to talk to you!
LOL
that buttyerflies thing
yea!
really
ahhhhh... I think you'll like talking to me
i think we will get along very well.
lol
this is kinda cool.
talking to you. hearing your voice.
just getting to know you.
so you have a 517 area code.
so you have a 517 area code.
did you move from out that way?
or are you still in the 517?
cool.
i am gonna erase it off my phone. cause i know i cant call it so theres no use to have it there.
the mature thing to do
i will just wait for the times when you can call me
its erased
never happened. :)
me to.
:)
u can call me when ever you want.
if i dont answer just leave me a little message.
I'll erase them all.
Nope.
I dont think its illegal for us to talk.
especially if you call me.
its much better if you call me..
you understand?
so I dont look like some perv or something
i would never call you.
eventhough I might want to.
i would just wait for you to call me
:)
i am happy waiting for whenever time is best for you.
certianly
like i said, try to find a good pay phone.
where i can call you.
and we can work out a little signal
i will get you a phone card if you want.
great. and i will support your decision.
i'm so glad you like my voice.
lol
here i am
HI again!!
thank you.
you make me smile
tis stupid camera locks up so much!
let me show you the dog as soon as it starts working again,. LOL
this room is so small! I am used to a much bigger room
my condo bedroom was really really big
just you
your all i like
i know i'm not supposed to.
your young, and i will always be the 'bad guy' for ever letting myself like such a young girl
but i cant help it.
i just do.
everyone else will if they ever find out that i am even talking to you.
people always think bad things
i know
:(
nope.
and they will never know.
because its between you and me and to hell with all of them
i cant help myself. I just like you.
even though we never met, i like talking to you.
LOL
so you want to be romantic?
i can tell you do.
i feel bad cause i know that i could make you feel good.
AND also make you feel good as a person when we're done with all the rest.
cause you ARE a good person and that other guy is a mindless idiot.
no.
I dont want to hurt them. the world is a hurtful place as it is.
I try to be careful to not hurt feelings and try to be friends.... although there is no sex, or no more romance, I can still care for them as friends
ahhhhhh.....
\"i'm a looser baby, so why dont ya kill me..\"
LOL
i wonder how long were gonna stay close.
1 year?
2 years?
5 years?
i would like it to last for a long time so I can always be there to help you when you have difficult decisions...
or if you meet some guy that is not treating you right...
let him talk to 'uncle george'
:))
PLEASE.... that is what i want this to be.
lol OK!
I'm your man!!
just gotta find A way to be sneaky in a good way.
like so we can have a hamburger
or a movie or something like that
sit and talk
you know
romance?
you want romance sometimes?
you want me to teach you a little about romance?
remember: keep your mouth shut!! 
Keep your mouth shut. 
and when the time is right, i will teach you some things.
if you want.
:)
cause i REALLY REALLY like you.
no joke
>:D<
i want you to be close to me. I want to talk to you and see you and get to know you... all of that
i just think YOU are the one who is one in a zillion
u think so?
i hope you had a camera/
i could see your face to.
u want me to get you one?
will your mom take it away?
oh well.
we dont want to get your mom mad.
you dont need that hastle
you are gonna love him
he smiles all the time.
he likes it here. 
hes getting used to it here
hes only been here for like 2 days!
i think he likes it here.
yea! LOL
hes taken over my bad!!! ~x(
Yea.....
damn dog!
LOL
well, Kellie, you should go to bed honey!
its very late for you.
are you tired??
go to bed honey.
i will see you tommorow.
you can call if you get a chance
and leave me a little message
you have sweet dreams!!
your my dream girl
and i hope to see you soon tommorow!
>:D<
:-*
good night honey!
bye.
HELLO!!
what you doin today?
ahhhhhh....
i had a dream about you last night.
one sec damn phone
back. I had to call monica. she was up at the store gettin some stuff.
HI baby girl! what you doin today??
lol
me too!
LOL
astro woke me up at about 10am
but i went back to bed and slept till 5pm!!
NO, you didnt do anything.
you are perfect
i had a dream about you last night.
well, i cant tell you exactally.... but i was doing to you what you did to your ex BF.
:\">
it was so sweet.
i really liked it.
YES YES YES
you didnt have to do anything. I was doing it to you.
:\">
it takes some skill.. LOL
so what you gonna do today?
not sure yet either. I am gonna do some stuff to the mercedes a bit, then not to sure.
no, she left while I was sleeping. she took astro with her.
its good that she goes by herself.
cause I sometimes always dont want to go with her... when shes bitchy.
lol
she likes astro
i liked talking to you last night
if you ever want to call me you can
:)
i DO think of you.
do you think of me too?
really??
ahhhhh..... what do you think about? honestly?
ahhhhh.
you are the best girl i have met online also,
i feel very lucky to know you...
to know you as a friend,.
and to be able to chat with you. I am very happy
so are you gonna go visit your friends?
thats cool!
Kellie.... do you smoke cigarettes?
GOOD!
i dont want you to ever smoke!!
OK?
good!!!!
brb. Monicas back
one second
back!
sorry honey, I had to find a screw that monica lost, an inportant screw for the mercedes
lol
she got some foond and stuff
i am trying to loose weight
wow, thats nice
but your thin
which is great
lol
i LOVE LOVE LOVE the way you look
your PERFECT!!
:)
get a doberman!!
there is this site called 'second chance dobes' where they will give you one for free.
i got the sight i think
--http://www.secondchancedobes.com/adoption_application/adoption_process.php
take a look!
you should have a doberman so he or she can help protect the house.
look around this site.
see if there is something that interest you.
they can also eat a man who breaks in in the middle of the night! :)
just a second... but i will be free in just a minute. :)
back
LOL
what you doin?
a shizu is a little lap dog.
a doberman is a serious dog.
a shizu can only pee on your leg
LOL
a doberman can fight, even die to protect you.
the choise is obvious when you think about it.
yea. I am gonna do a few things. I am just chatting with you right now.
:)
only you.
no one else is chatting with me.
I dont want them to.
just you.
is that OK?
last night, in my dreams , it was awesome
very erotic
very
i'm embarrased to say. I cant control my dreams so i have to take them as they cpme.
come
but it was very sexy
you were stunning
soooo lovely.
i am embarrased to say. but you were there, you were so happy, and you were enjoying yourself alot.
you were happy
i could see your stomach
it was so pretty. and small.
and i could see below that.
you know.
do you ever dream of me?
well,, for me it was a sexy dream.
very romantic!
and kinda hot.
i cant say online... LOL
it was kinda kinky.
you know i cant choose what i dream.
and this was a wild dream.
:\">
i do!
i really do!
honestly!
you were so very sexy.
it was wild.
it was kinda wild.
one day i'll tell you.
promise.
:)
LOL you looked very sexy down there.
i wish i could see your belly.
of course Kellie?
i do.
i would love that.
u want me to shave it for you? LOL
for me? it looks sexy, and i know where to lick. :\">
what you thinkin about?
r u gettin a little excited?
tell me all your thinking
maybe one day I will show you all you want to know.
PLUS be very close to you personally.
cause i really like you so much as a person
but maybe, with time, i can show you things. :)
if that is what you want.
and we can keep it :-$
lol
lets meet a few times.
talk an all that.
get to know each other.
like its supposed to be.
then we can decide..right?
would you like that?
me too!
what you thinkin about now? r u excited a little bit?
yea.
:\">
last night.... what we were doin.
no, i didnt want to wake up! I wanted to stay with you.
nope. just waiting for you to type something.
i am not interested in anyone else actually
show me more pictures of you please?
i have the one saved
can i see more of you? 
I wont save them. I just like to look at you.
i feel so guilty. but i really really like you.
i cant explain
i am probably being an idiot.
i feel the same about you.
honestly.
show me more.
i just love getting to know about you.
your making me love you. I have to be so careful! I really like you.
i dont know. all of this stuff. My mind is going through a million miles an hour. 
i think of you.
and think of you
it just doesnt seem real
i see you in my dreams. and its like were together.
all i know is that your different.
and that i do trust you.
yes,
to me you are a rare jewel and there is no one quite like you.
'one in a zillion'
LOL
like you said
you know what? I honestly hope and pray that you and me are friends for a long time.
u want to see me??
ugly ones
my face is still healing from total laser re-surfaceing
so it still doesnt look good
but you get the general idea
part of detroit where i used to work
see the grafitti on the wall? I know what all that means
wanna see more?
old picture.
lol
its what i hear. I am like a guy in a movie
am i handsome to you?
beard
LOL
what do you like??
lol
so beautiful
thank you!!
thank you for that beautiful compliment
one day maybe you can see it.
can i ask you something... and i want you to really think about this.
OK?
i mean this is a serious conversation..
i have something to seriously ask you.
ok?
here it is...
i am thinking how to say it.
if you watch TV like Jerry springer or those kind of shows, you see these girls who are grown up, like 20 or something, and they bring a guy up on the stage and tell how he abused her when she was young and how she hates him for that.
do you get what i mean?
i know.
they are dumb.
but i dont want to be a man who you feel later on in your life that was out to hurt you or abuse you.
I would rather die than that.
I mean if you and me ever are romantic, and later on you thought i did something bad to you and caused trouble for you...
and you were out to put me in jail...
i would just kill myself. 
i mean it though.
i would just take all the pills i have and just die rather than for the world to think that i was out to use or abuse you Kellie.
i really care for you.
and i would rather die than go to jail with people thinking i was out to hurt you or take advantage of you. 
what if i end up loving you?
in my mind. NO.
in other peoples minds? Yes
please dont go.
please.
:)
i am only talking to you.
NO,
you never make me sad
you are the main reason that i am happy.
i am just very afraid
because your soooooo different
and you tempt me so much
here is what i want.
this is what i want.
I want to get to know you. Like i always say...
meet at a park, and walk the dog and talk.
and after a few times i know i will feel better.
:)
we dont have to do anything 
but we will just spend good honest time knowing more about each other.
I want that so much.
i am beginning to really really like you.
and not like anyone else.
r u mad at me?
Kellie. Please dont
please dont go. lets stay the way it is please.
Please dont go.
i want to show you so much!
good things!
like Musiems...
and interesting places.
I am.
I LOVE being with you.
the more I know you.
the more i feel for you....
promise?
later on in life you wont think bad things about me cause you feel that i am out to take advantage of you cause your young?
I would NEVER force you, or get you drunk, or something like that.
I would NEVER do that.
But i want you to.
very much
I want you more than anyone.
what you thinkin about?
tell me
all i need to do is trust you. 
i have a hard time trusting a person
but i have never even in my life thought that i would feel this way about a young lady like yourself
I NEVER thought I would feel so close to someone like you.
very very much
i know its wrong, so they say, but i just do....
i dont know how to stop.
lol
i never thought this would ever happen.
you have just took my breath away.
i know it probably sounds like a lie
but its not.
want to listen to some songs?
what kind?
always.
anything you want
no. you dont make me feel sad or bad.
but the way we feel is not what society wants. \"taboo\" if you know that work. Its that kind of secret that you can never tell.
Like the story of King Arthur, and Lady Guienivere in Camelot... when she fell in love with Sir. lancealot.
it was taboo.
:)
you did!!
so you know what i mean.
that is what i am talking about.
we have a 'forbidden love'
that can destroy me if anyone evern knows
but you are so beautiful.
and such a great girl
i am so proud to know you.
I promise never to betray you.
and I promise to always talk to you about anything going on in my life.
and you can feel free to do the same
like if you like a boy... you can tell me.
I will not get mad or anything, i am on your side
Honestly
if he hurts you, or hits you or things like that... I would not be to happy.
your my girl.
and I dont want some jerk playing with your feelings
:x
if you ever get mad at me... for what ever reason, will you just keep it between you and me, and allow us time to work out our differences?
i  promise the same to you
then never say anything.
at the worse, just say that we love to chat together. and you ask me things
NO chat logs
even though we dont say anything really nasty like all those other guys
we dont get real nasty anyhow...
but never say anything... and i will not say anything either
and you will be my secret love.
and we will take this secret to the grave.
LOL
NOPE.
no one but us.
i have a song about a promise. just like the promise i made to you.
here it is.
let me find it.
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ype2L--Q1pY
do you see it?
listen
for you my love.
let me try to find the actual video, its better
--http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HC8at4nyjeE
here it is!
a very deep love song
u like it?
yes.
in a very good way.
deep song
\"and i can tell you my love for you will still be strong, after the boys of summer have gone'
Kellie.. I have to go for awhile
I got some things I gotta do.
If i dont see you on later i am hoping to see you tommorow.
I miss talking to you and I look forward to seeing you every day. :)
i will see you soon. and you can call if you want and wont get in trouble
YES.
I STILL DO
I PROMISE
thank you honey!
bye just for now.
:)
HELLO KELLIE!
:)
what you doin?
ahhhh.
no, i feel crappy today. so i just layed around in bed.
no not sick, i just feel crummy.
i'll be ok... i just dont feel like doing anything.
Monica has been in a bitchy mood so i just try to stay the hell away from her.
its OK. :)
how was your day?
cool.
did you have fun?
yea. I was just sleeping. I got up early, but i went to bed to try to dream about you.
yep. honestly.
i didnt dream about you though... but i tried to. :)
i was hugging you though (my pillows) LOL
:-*
:\">v  yea
awwwww.
so when do we get to talk?
no, i am with you. i am just gonna go to ebay for a second. I will be right back.
wanna find some new blue tooth headphones]
dont go.. I will be back
what you doin??
i was just lookin for some bluetooth headphones
not really. I might ride up to best buy and look at some.
brb
HI, what you doin?
yea... I'm OK. I just went outside and did a few little things on the mercedes.
Yea. I went outside and i started looking at the car and i did a few things.
so I didnt go look at headphones
NO, never.
I am never mad at you!!
can i kiss you?
:-*
not you honey
its never you./
i love you.
>:D< I could never be mad at you.
your the only real friend i have right now.
sophia is a good person
i just feel alone thats all
just lookin at headphones on ebay, and i'm waiting for some stuff to dry.
I did some fiberglass repair to my right ground effects kit on the mercedes
then i had to use plastic epoxy cause i lost a piece 
and i have to wait for some silicone to dry.
then I am gonna put my airbox back on the mercedes.
THEN...lol... I have some custom stuff to finish up on the front end... and then the car is back on the road
i was so lazy all day so i figure i better do something,... LOL
no, i really didnt
i am doin better now.
i'm glad to see you
always!
you. always
huggin you
ahhhhh... you'll win. you are so smart
so what ya gonna do now?
i am here just looking at some headphones
u wanna see which ones i am lookin at?
i am never busy.
I just love talking to you.
just doin a lot of stuff honey.
i dont mean to seem distant.
I was just lookin around
--http://detroit.craigslist.org/okl/ele/1306627343.html
I can get these for $20.
they look good to me
Jabra is a good brand
and the guy dont live far.
no
you like these?
lol OK
what you doin?
its OK. I just wanted to say hi. but i am still around when you get free. :)
Never honey!!! NO!! :)
not at all. I am just doing some stuff.
honestly and i swear. I am not mad or anything like that.
:)
and i love being with you
so what you thinking?
really??
what you thinking about me? :)
tell me your secrets!!
i wish i could hug you.
i been dreaming about you and me.
you know.
i like being with you in my dreams.
your on my mind all the time
even right this second.
licking you.
:)
i want to alot
yep.
you know, just how we planned it.
will you let me eat you?
are you alone?
is it wet?
check. :)
?
just try a little?
just try. :)
u never touched it?
ahhhhh... your so sweet.
your right. dont do it then
tell me
i am not going away. I promise!
:)
something that silly wil not come between us
but if you want to try I woud like to be the one you do it with
u wanna try just a litle?
r u with someone?
just touch it once.
:)
me?
u wanna be with me?
i want to
you tell me.
i am waiting for you to tell me. :)
yep.
you just let me know. :)
what area are we gonna meet at?
me too!
what mall are you close to?
which one though?
just so i have an idea.
i dont think i can. hes kind of big they wont let him in..:(
hes good. your so nervious about telling me the area where you live huh?
i wonat ask you anymore cause i think it scares you.
i think I do.
i know your close to me
:)
but you never tell me
i would NEVER EVER go to your house.
NEVER
NEVER.
not even if they were gone
we could always meet someplace else.
are you feeling sexy?
what r u thinkin about?
what sex thing are you thinking about?
for me to eat you?
can i lick you?
yea... you lay back... and you open your legs and then let me lick you
mmmm
and i will taste you when your all wet
no...better!
did you ever kiss any of your girlfriends?
do any of them want to kiss yu?
did they ever kiss oyu?
did you ever want to kiss one of them?
i',m justt feeling wild
sorry.. 
lol yea
i would like to watch a girl kiss you.
LOL never mind. I m just to wild. i shouldant be that way. your my little baby girl
:)
i always want to think of good thinkgs with you
:) your my dream girl!!
you are!
well, i gotta go for a bit. I gotta go check on those glues I got drying. I will be right back in a few minutes!
think of me. :)
>:D<
HI baby girl! are you tired yet?
i just walked in the house. I was out doin some stuff on the car.
hi!
what ya doin?
ahhhhh... I just walked in from the garage
i always miss you.
i am just here eating peanuts.LOL
lol  I just had a grilled chese sandwich and some peanuts
LOL sounds healthy huh?
yep.
lol
it depends. she cooks mostly, but when shes in a bad mood like right now, i got to make my own food.
she is a real bitch sometimes.
i went out for a ride last night, and then i came back and got astro and took him in the car with me and she thinks i am out with some girl and she getts all nutty.
even though were NOT in a relationship she still still still hastles me.
i hav to keep everything to myself.
no, i was out by myself
and i got home early. it was only like 2:30
can i ask you something? and you promise to be honest?
are you a little bit jelious? do you like me that much to be a little jelious?
be honest.
let me ask you this.
ready?
I was outside... doin stuff on the car.
you told me that you were busy chatting with a friend.
its probably a man friend
but thats OK.
I am NOT a jealous man.
if your going to be with another man then there is nothing i can do to stop you.
right?
I used to be jealous
i'm not anymore
LOL I thought i was your BF!!
:((
lol
i know what you mean.
but i dont want no other guy playing around with you.
I want to be the man you like best
:)
honestly
nah.
i like to ride around by myself sometimes
No, I was doin a bunch of stuff on my car. Just like i told you.
let me tell you something. 
i am being honest.
if you were 17 or 18 I would come over and get you right now.
:)
that is how serious, totally serious i am about you.
you are the best!
i want to be with you.
i want to be romantic with you....
do you want to be romantic with me?
i would love it if you were here.
what would you want me to do if i was next to you?
ahhhhh.... I would always treat you very nice.
you deserve a nice person
thanks!
i really care for you.
would you like to do to me what you did to that guy?
if i was there next to you what would you do?
ahhhh that is so wonderful!
i would ask you what you wanted. and if you told me you wanted someting i would give it to you.
what would you like?
would you unzip my pants?
lol would you reach down and take it out?
would you like me to gently pull your hair and put it in your mouth?
yea.
you grab it with your hand... and you start to 'jack it off' or slide your hand up and down
and then I would .... ahhhh...
fuck your mouth... :)
mmmm
would you like that?
mmmm
keep jackig it off and let me pump your mouth and look at your beautiful face while i watch it go in and out of your mouth
can i shoot in your mouth?
would you like to taste my cum in your mouth?
can i rub it a little on your little pussy?
i want to!
would you like me to put it in just a little?
not alll the way unless you want it.
do you want to try?
ahhhhhhh....
i bet your wet
i wanna make you wet
and eat you out all you want
i'll lay on my back and you can sit on my face. u want to?
what you wanna do first?
u wanna suck me first?
to me i want to make it special to you.
just for you.
what you thinkin?
i WISH i was there and i could feel you.
and if you were wet i want to lick you till your dry.
what you doin?
I wanna taste you.
rub it a little.
just a little?
NO.... I want you to do it,
do it a little now.
Please?
i am rubbing mine alittle thinking about you
i cant help it
yea. :\">
ONLY you
rub yourstoo
swear 2 god.
really
i am SOOOO into you
you have no idea
i am serious
if you ever betrayed me US, betrayed US, and i had to go to jail, I would just overdose and  kill myself 
that is how totally serious i am about being this way with you
i trust u
now finger your pussy
:)
finger your pussy honey!
i wanna do it with you
i know
i know you trust me
do it for me
i wanna eat that pussy soooooo bad
i want it so bad
are you fingering it??
do it just a little. 
it helps to build it up...
let yourself get into it.
to build up the intensity
i wanna shoot cum in your mouth!!
i have NEVER EVER felt this way for someone your age
i am totally taken by you
you have no idea.
i care for you so much
i want you to finger your pussy.
taste your finger for me
so you know what i am gonna taste when i eat you out for as long as you want
will you lick your finger for me?
if i put it in your pussy and i i take it out, will you suck me some more and taste your pussy on my cock? mmmm
i can be very wild when i am with someone i love
grab my hair and make me eat you
lookin at your picture and trying not to cum.
if your not gonna cum then i am not gonna cum
BUT if i was there i would suck your clit.
i do! I want to so bad
i wanna suck on your little titties too.
jackin off looking at you.
what you doion?
i wanna do it to you so bad.
i want you to cum while i am eating you and i want you to shoot your girl cum all over my face.
i cant cum. your not here. :(
did you finger it a little?
:)
your wonderful!
and so beautiful
i was looking at your picture.
i think i am gonna go to bed
i want to dream about you
i am gonna be dreaming about you
you are so close to me
i will see you tommorow
thank you for being with me
good night honey!!
>:D<
hello kellie!
how is your day going?
mostly....
something not right?
lol
shit!
do they all want to do it to you????
LOL 
probably...:))
brb astro is all hiped up.
honey i gotta go for a few minutes. I'llk be back
i missssss you! 
HI there!
I was waiting for you to message me.
LOL Hes OK, hes just drivin me crazy.
LOL
I had a friend of mine come over. 
No, not a girl, hes a guy who does work. Hes gonna do the work on the roof
and he needed money so I gave him some money.
and we sat on the front porch and talked
what you do?
really?
what you hide from?
no tell me.
that sucks
LOL
augggggg!!
what a pain in the ass
so you all alone in your room AGAIN..LOL
your my baby!
>:D<
so how you feeling today?
ok, I had some chili from wendys earlier and it was bad or something so it upset my stomach so i just laid down
just feel crappy.
I had a lot of fun with you yesterday
LOL
me to
you got me so hot.
YES YES YES
did i get you hot too?
you cant tell?
lol I LOVE it.
thinkin about you.
that is all i do,.
LOL
all day.
you, and how you are, and what your doing, and how your feeling.
and how i wanna kiss your belly. :)
your pretty, slim, cute little body.
I think of you alot.
honestly.
u think of me?
what did you thik?
i want you SOOO bad kellie
u get me so hot.
yea. u know
i dont think so.
i mean you have to feel this way at one time in your life... start someplace
i just wanna be with you so bad
do you wear thong panties?
no. i am here looking at you.
i want to see more pictures.
i cant wait
you are so cute!!
more more more!
you are sooooo much prettier than them
i want to see you belly.
i do! can i see it?
i love the way you look
i LOVE skinny.... i hard already. :\">
how are you feelin?
i am really thinkin abou tyou
stupid horney stuff....
cant help it.
i feel really romantic towards you
i want you to suck me off.
:)
can i cum in your mouth?
yea...
i want you to cum on my face
thinkin about you with a big boner! LOL
honestly. :)
wish you were here.
i know what we'd be doing
what would we do first?
ahhhhhhhh
he wont
but i'll eat you
yes!
it makes you all wet an depending on how you are it makes your pussy get all juicy or even squirt.
i've seen that happen
only you
just feeling kinda hot. cause i was hot yesterday but i waited. so i am hot today. :(
to have an orgasm
i do anyway. i want you to do it a little too.
:)
can i eat you?
what you doin?
bout what?
does it get you hot?
i feel the sme about you so much
:x
something bad. 
lol
well really good
LOL
yea
lol
no.
i am right here with you.
i LOVE being with you
wish i was there
i was gonna say something nasty,
but you kow me i get nervious
i was gonna say, i want you to open your legs and i wanna eat your hole out so bad.
when you want me to?
me  too. My stomach feels os bad
you wanna talk tommorow?
me too.
Yea
i still feel sick
thats why i aint talkin much
i just dont feel to good
NO, i want to be with you.
good night Kellie
see you tommorow!!
i will be dreamng about you as always!!
>:D<
:x
bye till tommorow honey
:-*
HELLO!Just saYing hello.
hope your coollllllll!!!!
Hello Kellie! How is your day? raining out there
yea.
not bad. 
i feel a little better.
I went out last night for a couple of hours.
i went out with sophia and 2 of her boyfriends friends.
we went to Hamtramck at this little bar.
it was OK, we just talked politics and stuff
yea. it was fun.
i missed you
really?
weird
yea i was talking to her. 
weird
i dont know how all this 'connected' stuff works.
all I know that when you become connected to someone it makes your name come up and i dont get how it all works
did you really?
sorry i didnt get on last night
i didnt get home till after 2am
so i figured you would be asleep
i'm sorry i didnt get to say good night to you
you are so sweet and loving to me.
i think you very much
hes on the back pourch. Its screened in
he's a bad dog right now
he pooped and pee'd on the living room floor. I just cleaned it up... smelly!! LOL
well, I told him 'NO' and took him outside
lol
yea. i will get all that all in line soon.
yea. I know
not much.
i am just gonna take it easy today
i was thinkin alot about you last night
how nice you are to me.
how good we get along
i know! I know exactly what you meant
your great.
your more than nice to.
your really sexy.
you are !!
i think you are.
well, to me you are
yea?
what youbeen thinkin about.
tell me please.
i really do want to know what your thinking
what does?
i know. its very exciteing.
i really like you as a person so much. and i am lucky to know you.
i am just watchin some MMA on TV.
yea. private room. my TV, my internet, my little desk my bed. I like it this way. :)
all i need is YOU right next to me. :)
i know. i wish, one day. it be great
u dont have a tv in your room huh?
wow, a big knock out
it was a good fight.
what you doin?
ahhhh...
wanna sit on my lap? LOL
lol
i couldant take the stress!!
yea! you would be driving me nutts!
i would just have to kiss you!
lol
NO dont be sorry
it sure does.
if you only knew how much i would love that.
there is another great fight coming up right now!
NO!! talk to me
its OK.
i LOVE being with you!
your my sweet one!
wow, a great fight is coming up! but you can still talk to me.
NEVER. its all right here. I can see the TV right from here.
its all cool honey.
so do you ever think about me/
?
what do you think about/
?
:\">
i feel the same way.
everytime i go someplace i think about if you were rideing around with me
but you have to give me a kiss!
>:D<  ahhhhh
you and me... hugging. and stuff... it would be great
:)
what a fight!
Matt Hughes won!
wow
i didnt think he would win. He fought a very famous guy named Hoyce Gracie
that was a suprize victory
sorry, bathroom break.
what ya doin?
what is 'myyearbook'?
oh! that sounds fun.
oh..
where would you go?
no, just doing a few things at once.
i have to go to a place that has a sears cause i have to take something back. 
no, not right this minute
but sometime in the near future
i bought a powerwasher that isnt working so i am gonna take it back. I got the receipt.
what you gonna do?
what you thinkin about?
Kellie.. I am gonna log off for a bit. I will be back..OK?
i'm gonna miss yu.
i will talk to you in just a bit.
i miss you already!!
if you go over to your friends be careful.
:)
miss you honey!
HI Kellie
what you doin?
cool
i just sat down here for a few minutes. then i got to go do some stuff. but i seen your online and wanted to talk. :)
no, not really
i'm never to busy to talk to you.
I was doing some stuff on my car in the garage for a few minutes
its fun
well, I just work on my car. most guys like to work on there car, listen to music and have a beer. but i dont drink beer to much unless i am out at a bar
it is fun. to work on a car that is special. Like my car, is rare and very fast.. so I enjoy it when that car is working really good.
so who is roger?
lol
lol
do you like him? like romance and all that?
thats good. :)
i think thats really good. I was a little jealous when i seen the message to roger.
LOL
lol
i'm not mad!
lol. Its set to private so i cant see him.
oh well.
its OK
lol
lol
but hes not so cool to you?
yuck!
well, hes 'feared'
lol
Hes a legand in his OWN MIND.
lol
how was your shower?
yeah! i hear ya!
yea. its bad when you feel all yucky. a nice shower makes you feel refreshed.
yea... its all rainy and wet out side
yea. then dont get your mom mad.
its best just to wait and all that
honestly?
yea... I did.
its OK. I thought you had a guy you liked
who do you like?
wow
so great you are.
:)
your my baby.
i'm sorry. I just thought you had someone else you liked.
I mean i can understand that. but i just want to know.
there isnt anyone in my life that i like.
but i do like you.
:)
nah.
no. no one i like right now.
i feel lonely some times
you know how it goes
i know.
you are very special to me
did i ever show you my myspace?
ok
i'm being careful.
:-$
but i will soon.
all i know is that i cant wait to chat with you every day.
i love you for that.
for careing about me and what happens to me.
i want to tell you the truth. that means so much to me, because i am trusting you with everything in my life
and I know and I feel I can trust you.
I think we are very special to one another.
i wont hurt you. or let anyone else hurt you while i am around.
your a great girl
i just love being around you.
so what you gonna do tonight?
cool!
go talk and have fun.
cool
not sure, but i dont think i am gonna do much. I went out last night and i'm just tired of going out. LOL
yea. I feel run down.
believe me. If I see your online i message you.
Yea... I went out and Sophia came there with 2 friends of her boyfriends and we just sat there and talked
2 guys
yea. i just talked and they played pool and stuff.
no biggie.
i was wishing you were there.
maybe one day. :)
Kellie my sweet one. I am gonna take a short nap. I feel worn out.
I'll be back soon and we can talk more.
:)
thank you my baby
i miss you more than you can believe.
i'll be back
HI Kellie!
:)
what ya doin?
yea?
OHHH
just got up. I just had a can of spiggeti o's LOL
and i am watchin tv..
and talkin to you.
yea.
I was tired
i think i got a cold or something
i had a dream that you had a web cam
you didnt tell me you got a cam did you??
i mean really did you tell me you had a web cam?
Nope,, it was a dream then
LOL
well I must have drempt about you again. LOL
i dont remember exactally, but you were gonna let me see you on your web cam.
i remember that much.
that's why i had to ask you..LOL if it was real or not.
LOL
they were OK. LOL and i had a peanutbutter on a piece of bread
lol
one day you can make a meal for US.
:)
thats so sweet
i like alot of different foods
one day it will be nice. whats your favorite food?
thats healthy.
so you have company. are you hiding out in your room?? LOL
wow. so the're gonna there for awhile.
nothing.
thinkin about you.
sure! your perfect. why not? :)
YES you are.
so how are you feeling?
cool!
whats wrong?
lol
yea he did something crazy.. LOL
what?
thats bad!
lol
lol kids.
I got a nephew like that... who does a lot of crazy stuff.
brb... wannaa see what monicas doing on the stairway
shes going out
sure.... shes not my girlfriend.
i do miss her when shes gone. but not much i can say or do.
she wants to go out I cant help that
yea. I'll just stay home
i dont like to be alone.
but nothing i can do.
astro isnt listening ... hes pee'ing on the rug and everything.
auggggg!!~x(
yea.
i am trying to stop it but hes peeing on the rug
i hope so.
not really. but i am just thinking about stuff.
just sittin here. Kinda out of it.
i'm OK. I am just not feeling to good
Nah.. I'm OK.
>:D<
thanks for the hug
i will. 
i am just gonna sit here a few minutes. 
i wish you were here.
what you doin?
nope.
just here alone.
thank you honey
you NEVER bug me.
dont worry about it
no, just feeling kinda low.
I dont like it when she goes.
she gets drunk and all that.
its a lot of drama.
but she wants to go out, shes gonna go out and meet a guy,,, and alll that.
so what.. nothing i can do. Nothing I could ever do
she does what she wants
thats the hard part about loving someone. most of the time they like to also go out with other people and they dont tell you.
Me? i dont have sex with anyone.
I love her. but i am not 'in love ' with her anymore.
the problem is, i can be nice about it, when she drinks she gets all bitchy
me to. I would love it if you were here. we could play cards or something. you could teach me dominos.
lol
i more than like you.
you know that
we could talk and talk if you were here
what else could we do?
lol
if you were here right next to me... what would you do?
i want to make you happy too. if you tell me what you want i will try to do it for you
:)
lol
you know
i want the same things you do.
u want all that too?
what sounds the most awsome to you? what do you want to try the most?
what does your mind tell you that you want to try? your imagination?
i want that so bad!
i wanna do that to you 
and kiss your belly.
i wanna roll you over and kiss your little butt cheek..LOL
my fav thing would to just be around you
hang on a minute.
i will be right back!
back...
she drinks EVERY DAY
and i gotta pay for it.
that isnt fair
i wish i had you.
it be great if we could fall in love and just spend all our time together.
sitting here.
nothing.
just feel crappy.
yea
you are. I just feel crappy. its not your fault.
honestly
its OK. I'll be oK. shes gettin ready to leave in a bit and then we can talk
:)
HI! what ya doin?
i am OK.
just OK
what you doin?
yea.
she left
so what you doin?
LOL what you tryin to find me?
u want me to find a song? tell me what kind you like or want to hear.
you layin on top of me would make me happy.
i would like that. and just look in your eyes and talk about life and stuff
yea!
would you sit on my face?? ;)
lol
i want that so bad.
its gonna get you very wet
>:D<
brb...gonna lock all the doors
back
:)
yea,, hes out there. which is cool
no, i got him in the back porch and the back yard
can i tell you a secret?
a big secret?
cant tell anyone?
you make me sooooo horney!!
i am so horney right now. damn
yea.
honest
i think about you and i wanna do great things with you
only you
just you
will you let me eat you out?
spread your legs
i wanna lick you all over
thinkin about YOU
i am really hard
and i am thinkin about lickin you al over
yea....all over
get on your knees
and let me lick you from behind
lol
you like it?
what you thinkin about?
ok honey. I will see you tommorow?
good night! see you tommorow. thanks for chattin with me
just sit around i guess.
not really. I am not talking to anyone right now.
just you.
honest.
good night my sweet one
i miss you too
>:D<
i cant either
she just got back home. she never called. she used my credit card.
she slept with some guy.
i cant stand her.
you know, i want to tell you something
you know. I want to tell you something
I dont have any kids, as you know.
when i die, i can put a person on my pension and that person will get my pension for the rest of THEIR life as well...
so my pension doesnt end when i die but goes to whom ever I put down.
I was thinking about putting monica on it because i really dont have anyone else
but i am not gonna do that.
she's a liar.
you cant trust monica. I've known that for years.
she had sex with one of my brothers once...can you believe that?? LOL
she has stolen from me... she fooled a bank into giving her $1800.00 one time
yea.... shes a lian mexican.
she went out last night and spent the night with a guy that she met while using MY laptop and MY internet connection.
LOL this is about the 5th time shes done this
no, i always find out.
i just took my laptop back
shes a whore.
honestly
not being mean
she is though
i am just forgettin about all of it. I dont love her anyway
my heart has been broken so many times it aint funny.
lol
i choose the wrong people in my life
you know. just before she got home do you know what i was thinking about??
honestly??
you.
i was gonna go to a mall close to you and have lunch.
and maybe you can just come up and have something to eat
nothing else.
yea. sometime it would be so nice.
your such a great girl Kellie
yea. just lunch. nothing bad or anything. I would just have lunch..ya know?
thanks.
i'm OK.
i'll be OK.
just so tired of the same old repeating story. over and over and over.
i really dont know.
i count on her to do things
but one day soon I am gonna be ready to just leave again.
maybe go back out to LA
LOL a long time.
dont you worry.
i would never do anything that would upset you with out talking to you about it first
i respect you Kellie.
no..i wouldant
i think about you alot.
nothing.
just here.
what you doin?
go eat something
take a shower.
i'll wait around for you.
i dont even know what i'm gonna do.
maybe try to sleep... I dont know.
not at all.
i just cant sleep.
and i am out of sleeping pills.
did you sleep??
good for you. you were tired.
what you thinkin about?
i'll be OK
i will. I am glad to see you though.
how are you feeling today?
yea.
just thinkin about what i'm gonna do.
:)
>:D<
your the best
no....sitting right here
yea..go ahead.
you'll feel better
thank you. I will see you soon.
hello Kellie.
How are you?
i'm good. I just got up.
so I got a few hours of sleep.
i caught cold
from the fan on me
how are you?
what you doin?
thats good!
so your having a decent day?
i'm good. I just needed to sleep.
i'm OK.
I want to go out and do something but i dont know what to do.
no.
i told you when she came home didnt i?
i dont really care.
i am gonna find someone else.
i am gonna start looking now.
no. I dont have anyone I know except you.
and i cant see you. :(
yea. that would be nice.
go to lunch and a movie. it be fun.
just sitting here.
thinking, and sneezing
lol
i think i just caught a slight cold. I slept with the fan on me. so when ever i do that i catch a cold.
one sec phone :)
back.
hi Kellie!
:)
phone again
i need to find someone to go out with.
i really like you
the most
I dont know wht to do.
NO not at all!!!
you are the best of all!
I would like to have someone to go out with and stuff.
but then again I dont even know if i want that,.
I am waiting for the time when i can meet you and talk to you before i do anything
i ALREADY like you
:)
yes. I would like that.
now will you do me a favor?
just one favor?
what main streets do you live near?
NOT your address
or your street
but the general main streets.
Howell is near Grand Rapids right?
do you live out in the country?
can i have a zip code so i can take a look at mapquest?
thats cool
give me a zip code
looking now
yep. I know where you are now.
thanks!
its gonna be hard for you to get to a mall.
i am thinking about were there is a mall there
i know
i like wendys.
it would be nice just to talk to you
yea. I would just like to meet you and talk and have a hamburger.
you know, simple stuff.
see you smile. :)
Yea.
yea! dont take a risk
sure!
lol
yea.
I was talking to sophia last night.
she wants to go out someplace tonight
just as friends
me and sophia
she has a really good boyfriend
i odnt know. If i feel good I will think about it
i might do that
i dont know what fun is anymore
i cant wait to meet you though.
dont you hate it when the commercials are so LOUD on TV?
sorry I got knocked off
NO, just got knocked off
me too. i think about you all the time
yes
everyday
ahhhh.
i like that
YOU DO!
:x
yea. and i would come and see you
same thing happened to me
no nothing. i just waited for you to come back :)
what did you say my sweet Kellie?
when?
well, think about it and we can figure something out I'm sure.
brb, gotta get my headphones out of my car
Kellie.. I'll be right back
OK?
HI Kellie!
sorry, i havent been here. I just came back from getting a part for my car.
I've been up since 3am
I am sooooo tired!!
i am OK.
i was just gonna lay down.
I been thinkin about you.
I want to talk to you soon.
how r u?
i will tell you later. I really do want to talk to you. I miss you actually
i didnt go anywayre./ I just tried to sleep but i couldant
i really care for you.
your such a great person
yes
your just so great.
hang on. i will brb.
phone
i'm back.
:)
i was watching this thing on TV about older men who fall in love with young girls. and i feel like such a perv for likeing you so much.
:(
i care for you very much
i really want what is best for you.
if you only knew
>:D<
i think about you alot.
its strange isnt it.
it doesnt matter. cause i will be someone that will try my best to help you in your life.
is it bad that i want you to want me?
i am gonna go to sleep for awhile.
i will look for you as soon as i wake up.
i miss you.
bye for now my sweet one.
I MISS YOUUUU
BYE BUT just for now. I will see you later
!
HI! I just got up. I was soooo tired.
yea. I was so tired
how was your night?
i miss you alot!
well, I didnt sleep last night
I do i miss you alot
shes still here. I just avoid her.
its OK.
just such a pain.
OHHH!
i drove out to this junk yard today to get a part for this car i have
and i got there and i went to the car
and i opened up the back door...
and i opened up the back door...
and there were a lot of bugs flying around
and there were a lot of bugs flying around
and i felt like i touched a rose or something, you know, the prick you feel
YEA!
about 10 or so times. LOL
little bastards!! LOL
it hurts but not that bad. But i have a high pain threshhold anyway
but yes... there were stinging me.
it was a hornet.
Nah.. not the doctor. Its just normal level first aid.
I am trained in advanced first aid.
so if it was serious i would go but its nothing
:) thank you my sweetie
i'm fine
i was really tired,
i took some of my medication and i went to bed.
probably.
hang on honey. I will be right back.
:)
just got up so i gotta do a few things
sorry, i had a bunch of email.
what yay doin?
lol
that isnt bad
to me it doesnt matter. I'm not as sensitive to climate as most normal people
ahhhhhh.
can i hug you?
>:D<
sophia messaged me and i was returning her message.
i will. :)
she wants me to go out with her someplave,, but i'm not in the mood to go out. Just want to stay home
sophia has a boyfriend that she really likes. hes a good guy
she dont like me 'romantically' she just likes me as a person.
were friends, but the love making part is over.
sophia is sweet.
did you see a picture of her?
OH yes. I remember now.
thats funny cause i was right out that way.
I was in south lyon
yea... thats where the bees stung me. LOL
lol
yes!
we can meet and have some lunch
what do you want to eat?
a public place where thers lot of people
i dont know whats out that way.
I would be so worried about you
if you go to the mall i want you to be safe.
sure!
curly fries!
what ever is closest to you.
well, i just wantto make it clear, if anyone finds out, that you and I were not planning anything nasty, we were only going to have lunch and talk about life. 
what you doin?
r u tired yet?
go ahead!
i will see you tommorow, like we do everyday.
lol
yes! i am gonna spank you a little and send you off to bed....
LOL LOL
jokeing
i am probably gonna go back and lay down and maybe watch some tv
r u gonna go to bed?
you should.
i just got up... but you have probably been up all day.
LOL
ahhhhhhhh  >:D<
good night my love.
sleep great!
i will be seeing you in your dreams
:x
>:D<
sorry i missed you Kellie.
i slept and slept and slept
i feel good.
i was up all night then all day.
then i slept and slept
LOL
anyone who knows me, really knows me, knows that automatically. I sleep all day and i'm up all night. bad things happen in the dark
lol
'i want to bite your neck!!'
LOL
you will be my vampire!
i missed you
i see that! why couldant you sleep?
what you thinkin about?
really Kellie?
tell me honey. what were your thinking?
how do you really feel about that?
i think its awsome too. I am just scared
but i think its OK if we have something to eat
its not you. its thinking if anyone finds out and thinks bad stuff.
i know you and me would be fine
for some reason people always find out. 
i know i wont tell anyone anything, cause i am used to keeping secrets
but this is your first time keeping a secret.
and its hard
well, listen to this. and what can happen in the way you think.
ok?
well, your young. and we both know that. 
I never had any kids... and i think you would be such a lovely person to be with
and right now you feel this way about me.
BUT later on your feelings might change, and you might think i was some big perv and then hate me,
like right now it seems OK but what happens when your 20?
or 30??
you will probably think i was some kind of molester.
and i'm not Kellie
you know that.
i dont have any idea how this got this far.
but I really care for you
i didnt think it would happen this way
but i like you more than i thought i would
i more than like you.
:)
i think about you all the time
i would never let anyone hurt you
you know what?
if you were of the proper age
I would come and get you
and you would live with me
to see if we are good together
atleast we can have fun, and do fun things, like musiums and stuff
YES....
seriously.
i know that sounds weird.
but you know?
that is what i end up doing
if I really like someone I just feel i HAVE to 'follow the dream'
If i could Stop time, and wait for you...
I would. in a second.
YEAH!
lol
if i could I would.
how is your day going today?
Oh NO!!
paul and a friend??
are they driving you nutts yet?
its OK
i understand.
it you have to go its OK
so... anything new?
what you gonna do?
that sounds fun.
what you gonna do over there?
what do you do when you hang out?
lol
well you be good! your my little girl!
:)
>:D<
just let me know.
:)
what kind of food do they have there?
we can have chinese.
:)
cool!
you can choose what ever you want.
OH, wow. thats hard.
Chinese, Thai, arabic, mexican
i like them all. LOL
yes... I am easy to make happy.
simple things are fine.
I would pay for a Taxi for you.
I dont think anyone would like it if you rode in my car.
not right away.
after we get to know each other that I would drive you anyplace.
but on the first time I would gladly pay for a taxi.
just for now.
NO..I want to!!
i want to make sure you get home!
safely!!
you will.
and i want to make sure.
you think about how we can do it and i will back you up on what ever you want.
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
I would WANT to do it again.
meet you for lunch
YES.
:)
and I know i am gonna like you. i already know that
the next time  I will bring astro with me.
if you know a park we can walk him while we talk
hes laying at the foot of my bed with a rubber squeeky toy.. LOL
your gonna like him
i just let him out more often
i dont think he can hold it so long
I know.
i can tell
I already feel you are very special
I dont care how much you know
honestly.
i care about you.
sex is not the issue here.
knowing you is the issue.
:)
YOU are whats important here.
to me
you know... I dont talk to many people like this.
and i really feel that i shouldant talk this way, i mean be so honest.
but its how i feel
I dont want you to think I am playing games
thank you for trusting me
no.
Monica is not for me.
have you talked to that one boy you used to like?
do you miss him?
what stuff you miss?
i miss that too!  alot. I got no one to be with like that.
i want you.
honestly... yes.
i think about you and romance all the time
yes.
but i just need to find out if you are real
i want to know if you are a real person because you seem to good to be true
i mean face to face
you know?
i want to look at you.
and you look at me
and talk, 
and stuff like that.
nothing bad
just talk and get to know each other.
talk about life
yea.
I mean we have to have good memories.
yea!
good ones.
not just cheap stuff.
but make a good connection.
Honestly... its NOT how much you know.
HONESTLY
if i could have YOU i would not even talk to anyone else.
its just getting in trouble that scares me.
being with you would be like heven to me
if i had you i would not ever see anyone else again
really.
do you think you would want to be with me?
i ALWAYS get them talking to you!!! LOL
i think about you all the time
what you thinkin about?
what you thinkin about me?
bout what?
something sexy?? ;)
:-P
tell me!
are you keeping it secret?
try?
i will listen.
i dont know what to say. I feel stunned and shocked sometimes at how i feel about you.
it scares me, that i find you so great.
me to.
i want to meet you. like i said. for a nice lunch or maybe a movie.
i want to meet you. like i said. for a nice lunch or maybe a movie.
I dont want either one of us in trouble.
if anyone finds out were both screwed
ME way more than you
thank you.
only you and me.
only you and me.
and can i tell you something?
and can i tell you something?
i am NOT seeing anyone at all right now
:)
i dont like anyone.
i am NOT seeing anyone at all right now
i dont like anyone.
BUT when i log on, and i see something from you i really feel happy.
BUT when i log on, and i see something from you i really feel happy.
what
you do!
you make me feel happy. you make me feel wanted.
I have so much to teach you about life!
so much to share with you.
you know what??
i have to tell you something that has been going through my mind.
I get a pension from the city of detroit.
about $3,000  a month
If i tell them who i want my pension to go to, my pension will transfer to the other person when i die.
and they will get my pension for the rest of there lives
after that its over
I dont have any kids
I got neices and nephews.
but no one really close
I was thinking about leaving it to Monica... but i am not gonna do that now.
I have no one on there.
if I died today, my pension would be lost.
I dont know. sometimes i feel like i am gonna die soon. its weird but thats how i feel sometimes.
i want to get to know you.
maybe you and me will make a connection and feel close.
can you call me?
try.
take the phone and bring it in your room.
u think that will work?
call me OK?
are you there?
i just got disconnected
try again Kellie
it only rang once.
call right back OK?
yea...one second. talking about getting a mirror  moved
ok, I'm off the phone now.
can you call me?
:)
i cant wait!
LOL
i understant totally.
its OK
but when you can it would be nice. :)
so what you doin?
lol
you and me can hide in the closet. LOL
better yet... you and me can hide out of town!!!! LOL 
if you could pick a place to go, anyware you wanted, where would it be?
i wish you could pack up right now.
i would be up there so fast to get you! 
VEGAS!
Hollywood!!
wanna run away??
LOL joaking of course.
wish ya could
LOL
damn.
oh yea!
yep.
i can do that right now.
just leave
LOL, they would have every cop on the planet looking for you!!
you would be on a million milk cartons!!
you would be famous!
and then you would come back
and they would all think...'hey we thought you were dead!!'
and you can say, no, i'm not dead, i had someone watch over me.
and that would be all you'd say.
nothing more.
and they would never know our secret
:)
i know!!
butterflies again!!!
if they asked you you would just say your not gonna say anything... its none of there business.
just say you went with someone who watched over you.
you would come back lookiing so nice.
B-)
i would never say anything.
and i am gonna tell you.
honestly.....
you leagally DONT HAVE TO SAY ANYTHING EITHER
they cant force you to say anything.
they can threaten you all they want.
but I am telling you they cant do crap to you.
so just keep your mouth shut at all times 
like we always talk abaout.
that is so cool that you understand that
MANNNNNN.. it be so nice to go someplace for a day.
i am just really fantsying.
your my fantasy girl
:)
what you doin?
me too.
my nephew is on the phone
brb
i am coming back... as soon as hes done.
i want to talk more to you!! Please dont go Kellie..
:)
r u there?
:)
i just didnt want you to leave!
yea..just a bit more
HI Honey!!! I'm back
sorry that was my Nephew .
hes out in california
i am right here waiting for you my sweet one. message me when you can.
BAby!! I misssss you!!
yes i miss you
yea.. Hes OK
hes in southern california
watching the news.
thinkin about you
no my baby
its OK
i missed you when you were gone. I hope you get to call me later
i'm hungry... spread um! LOL
eat you! LOL
I'm a vampire you know
i am YOUR vampire
no i am watching this conversation in  a chat room and also watching this thing on the news about future health care
since you were gone I just found something to do until you got back
what you doin?
are you back in your room?
come sit on uncle georges lap so i can hug ya!!
>:D<
i would probably go crazy if i ever hugged you!
yea.:\">
i would never want you to leave
what would we do??? LOL
and forever and forever
if it was possible i would go for that.
if i look at you and fall in love... wow. i will want to see you as much as we can
i am just dreaming about it
yea.
i like you. i dont have anyone I like
one other one.
:\">
having sex with you.
i dont but i have them
i was lickin you.
it was so sweet.
soooooo romantic
you had a skirt on...
but!
no panties.
LOL
very sexy
sexy and romantic
i think there sexy
LOL
what ever you wear i'm gonna love it.
:)
so do you want me to teach you anything?
in the future i mean..LOL
what do you wanna learn first?
i know. it sounds so beautiful
yea.
i want you to do that to me.
but i will never NEVER tell
did he shoot it in your mouth?
and you liked it!
thats a good start!
OMG
i would be soooooo happy to feel that with you
to look at your beautiful face while you suck on me
watch it in your mouth
wow
i mean MAJOR butterflies
yea!
VERY
VERY
VERY
you get me so hot sometime
what ya doin?
what you thinkin?
why dont you do it a little
NOPE
your back
tell me what your thinkin.
tell me just what your thinkin...
you want me to put it in your mouth?
damn.... i can just imagine that
i am really big
yea
like a porno movie
ye
yea
LOL
its not big
its BIG
lol
u want a big one?
u can do it.
:)
i want you to lick it.
mmmm/
its big
lol
ask me.
i'll tell you.
how big it is.
lol
9 inches
thick
cut
nice lookin one.
:)
LOL
yea it is.
for women who have had kids they say its big
for you? thats very big
tell me what you want to do to it.
of course! BUT only if i can lick you to!
do you want me to rub it on yours?
we wont put it in.. if you dont want, but i can rub it on the outside of it.
depends
do you want it in deep?
most girls like it  in deep
yea..what do your girlfriends say about it..
lol
they like it deep
I know..me... big time butterflies
hey Kellie.
I have to go for just a bit.
I gotta take the dog outside
I really really really really care for you big time
LOL
i cant wait to talk when i come back
see you in just a bit, hes running around looking for the right spot.
LOL
i care for you honey.
I cant say I love you YET
but i think one day i will say that.
cause your worth it.
i'll be back
HELLO my baby girl!!
i  got this call from an angel tonight!
she sounded just like an angel!
LOL
there she is!
nope. you are the best thing to happen to me in a long time.
I was thinking about something.
can i tell you?
ok. now its gonna take a somewhat mature mind to understand this but here i go.
I find you totally awesome!
i mean all the way.. %100!
but i also know your young, and you have a lot to see and do in your future life.
I want you to know, right from the start, that i want to be supportive to you no matter what happens.
if you find a guy you like, or something like that, and you go out or something I am not gonna get all man and hollar at you.
I will support you and what you need to learn in your young life
BUT i believe, in my heart, that you will always come back to me.
cause most of these guys are such loosers
I'm a looser too,,,, but not quite as big a looser as some are.
dont worry about anything
i am on your side all the way
please... PLEASE be my friend.
HEY... Monica just tossed alley cat in the room!! I am so glad to see him! 
this cat is like a dog
he comes when you call him and everything
lol
yea!
and astro looks like he is gonna eat that cat
but alley cat just acts like 'i dont care'.
LOL
i am soooo happy cause i get to sleep with him tonight
i LOVE this litle cat!
I just found him, but already i love him, and astro is a GREAT dog Kellie!
i want you to meet astro soon!!
you know.... wouldant this be so weird...
if you and me could see each other... and no one would ever know...
an when you get to the right age...
we can offically date
and see what happens from there!
wow...nice thought
BUT if you find someone else.. Its OK
i am on your side no matter what.
i promise
brb, i got to talk to monica about getting stuff from the condo tommorow.
i will be right back! PLEASE dont go!!
:)
>:D<
back
:)
I miss you already!
HI My Kellie!!!
its uncle george
:))
lol
uncle vampire george.
thats sounds like me.
LOL
are you sleepy yet??
yea. LOL I'll be up for awhile. I think i am gonna go have a beer.
and PLEASE.. I am NOT looking for some girl!
I got you.
you are so good to me
BUT I want you to go to sleep. we can talk tommorow.
I look forward everyday to talking to you.
good night Kellie!
sleep well honey
i will see you tommorow.
KISSSSSSSSSS
:-*
HI Kellie.. are you there?
HI Kellie.. are you there?
HI Honey!
I got up early... and i was doing some work on my car.. and i ran into a big problem with my mercedes
so i worked on it for awhile
and i got so depressed.
i went back to lay down and i fell asleep for awhile
i am REALLY sorry i didnt meet you for lunch.
I see i missed your call.
:((
I wanted to talk to my baby!!
I really think about you sooo much.
Honestly!!
Yea. I'm OK. I just been feeling like crap. that mercedes is being a pain in the ass!!!
LOL
I wish i had it going so you could see it and you would like it so much!!
but instead i only have my mazda and i got a station wagon i bought for astro
if you had your license I would help you get a car.
that would be so great if you could come out and see me.
i got a doctor's appt at 2pm.
then after that I should be free.
what time you goin up there?
tell you what i will do.
I'll go to my doctors appt tommorow at 2.
then I have to move some stuff in my friends truck over to the house from the condo.
then I will log on...( i will log on before 2) and we can set a time and you can tell me where you want me to go.
:)
and we can spend as MUCH TIME as you want.
No, its for my dermatoligist.
I had total laser resurfaceing of my facial skin... and its healing.. so I need to go and have them look at it and give me medication and stuff
my skin looks  rough right now
will you still love me even if I'm ugly?
hes starting to get to know alley cat
all i have to do after i get done with the doctor is to find out if they need my help moving a stove anda frig. and a chair and a mirror from the condo to the house
then i am totally freel
:)
no, it shouldant.
i can take one of my laptops with me and find a hot spot and message you.
what mall you want to go to?
Tanger.
off 96 right?
great!
that be fun. just have some lunch and maybe walk around or just sit on a bench and talk
i really want to see you so bad
:)
when i get up tommorow I'll message you.
we will figure out something.
BUT if not tommorow, then we will do it another day when I am totally free.
i wish i could have gone today, I just so crappy!
lol
r u still there/
?
what ya doin?
what you thinkin about my sweet one?
ahhhh... really??
honest??
what time?
NO, listen to me. I am NOT saying i am EVER to busy to see you. I just made this appointment today. I can cancel it and just come to see you.
if you want
I can always make another appointment
I will
i will get up, and cancel my appointment, and drive out there.
i dont have to but i WANT to.
just so we can have lunch. :)
Its nothing serious. Its just my facial skin is rough while its healing. But i can go back another time
i would rather see you.
How you gonna get up there?
OF COURSE!!
:-*
how you gonna get up there?
when your ready to go home are you gonna call her and is she gonna come back and pick you up?
ask her.
OR i will give you money for a taxi
I care for you Kellie. I want you to be safe
after a few times of meeting, and once i feel i am not gonna go to prison I will drive you to anyware you want to go.
:)
<<
i believe you. but this scares me sooooo much
but were gonna have lunch
phone! brb
back!! sorry honey. :)
what you doin?
lol
real exciteing! LOL
i can take you closer to home.
we can figure something out.
once i meet you, and i see that everything is OK, i wont feel so paranoid!
:)
i am just so nervious about meeting you.
what if you dont like me. :(
i am SOOOOO excited!
i really really like you
NOT A CHANCE. I know i wil like you! I mean you and i get along well.
you are so wonderful.
I know,.
it will be nice.
curly fries!! yum yum!
well, its gonna take me atleast a half hour to drive there.
what time is good for you??
tell you what. How does this sound. 
As soon as I wake up I will get on the computer and we can figure out the exact time.
does that sound good?
GREAT!
as soon as I get up. I will get on the computer and look for you.
LOL Uncle vampire!
:))
I will get up as early as i can. Probably around 10or 11
and get on the computer and chat with you.
we can figure it all out.
:)
major butterflies
<<<
promise me something.
dont ever hate me.
i will never hurt you.
and i really like you
i dont want you to look back on this as some perv who picked you up online
i dont see it that way at all.
I just want to talk to you
and have curly fries!
and we can talk and start out as friends.
kinda just meeting a friend, a special friend
but i dont want you to ever hate me.
that would hurt me really bad.
thank you Kellie.
:)
LOL 
you know how i feel
we've talked about it.
your very special to me.
so special you scare me!!
your a little girl who can scare a vampire!!
>:)
maybe its because your an o:-)
your just an angel.
thats how i see it.
you make me think so much
Just you and me.
like it always is.
yep.
you and me, having lunch and talking....
sounds so nice.
YES!
it is huh?
and i am not like those little jerks from school.
no one will ever know what we talk about.
and i swear on my father that is true
I will not betray you.
Nothing we do will I EVER tell.
and PLEASE dont tell anyone.
no one would ever understand.
they would want to put me in jail... JUST for having lunch probably! 
LOL
i know!
you know what?
this is the time where you become a little closer to being an adult.
your at that stage in your life where you are about to 'change' into a young adult
and keeping your word is very important
sometimes in life all you have is your word
now is the time to see that Kellie.
that now is the time for you to think like an adult
there is something out of a book i read once.
it said... u wanna hear it?
\"when i was a child I dressed as a child, i acted like a child, i spoke like a child..
Now i am a man (or adult), now i dress like a man, i act like a man, i speak like a man\"
like the catapiller to a butterfly
this is a little test. to see if you are mature enough to have lunch with uncle vampire! :))
=))
what you thinkin?
YEA...I was JUST thinkin that.
sittin there having lunch.
its gonna be nice.
nice decent thing to do.
a great first date!
:)
i really hope i can always be there for you.
you kow, i get online, and i get on invisable becasue...
do you know why i always go invisable??
because i dont want anyone to inturupt my chatting with you.
your better than them
not really.
i dont have many people i would call a friend
what you doin?
:)
cool
your mother is a good lady.
so is your father.
oK, I will get up earlier
if i dont get there in time you can shop.
BUT just wait till i message you in the morning
are you tired yet?
i am gonna get up and do a few things. maybe walk the dog.
i slept most of the day cause i was feeling so depressed
But i will get up in the morning and message you
is that OK?
you the greatest!
dont forget how good you are.
i think you are so lovely and great
i'm gonna go for awhile. I actually only got up at 9 pm
so i got to do my vampire thing.LOL
will you think about me?
no, i wont
promise
see you in the morning.
i will PM you as soon as I get up.
bye for now lovely one!
>:D<
HI Kellie! :)
Kellie... How are you feeling? good?
no. :(
its the vampire thing.
LOL
Kellie. I am so scared.
of getting into trouble if i come there. People wont understand.
i am so scared Kellie.
:(
would you be mad if we met for lunch alittle bit in the future?
:(
i know
i know
i feel like a jerk
but i just am so afraid of gettin into trouble.
i have never been in trouble before.
BUT i care for you so much!!!
i mean i honestly care for you ALOT.
what?
what do you get?
please tell me/
.
Kellie... I like you so much its scarey.
what time were you gonna go up there?
lol
you can buy clothes for school!
i would love to help you pick some
I am just so afraid
i really want to.
i want to go
what time will you be at the arbys?
when are you going up there?
lol
i know
i feel i know you so much
i feel you have a good heart
i'm just so afraid
i have never been as afraid in my life
ask your mom what time she wants to take you up there.
i love being romantic with you honey!
u want to meet at the arbys at 12 noon?
ok. hang on a second. I am gonna take a fast shower I will be right back
OK?
then i will think about it.
I HONESTY want to see and talk to you... I am just so afraid.
its OK
were only having lunch
that isnt a bad thing. right?
no, nothing bad.
:)
i will take a fast shower and be right back
:x
>:D<
:)
r u there?
hi!
i'm getting dressed
just something casual. It might be hot today.. Not sure. I am just wearing black jeans.
nothing special Kellie.
something you would be comfortable in.. caue your gonna be walking and shopping too.
one sec phone
OK, I'm gettin ready
OK. I am too. I will see you up there. It should take me 40 minutes or something
see you at arbys for lunch. :)
talk to you soon! we'll have a nice lunch. Its gonna be nice to meet you.
bye .. I am leaving now.
