wassup wanna chat?
wanna chat for a bit?
25/m/Ontario and you?
lol id chat but i dunno what i have in common w/ a 13 yr old!
yeah i play poker?  you do too?
lol what kind of poker does a 13 yr old play?
ahhh yeah?  i'll play with ya if you got a game up
ahhh ok!  i played some poker last week, lost my shirt... lol next time i guess
so what got you playin poker?
yeah i went broke! ahhh no beer money :(
so what else ya do for fun?  or are you just addicted to gambling? lol
haha and you can wear her clothes?
ahhh i see :)  well you just need to make older friends, lol then you can bum all the liquor you want..
lol they let you drink??
wish my parents were that chill when i was 13....
lol i used to go hang out and drink in my friends car when i was younger, and come back home hammered... right to bed!
see yeah, i know wassup... lol
so what do you drink?
ahhh the lemonades...
lol i prefer the JD ones personally but i respect a ladies choice...
theyre harder... but do the trick fo sho... lol
kk
brb too...
kk back
and thats for tellin me you were going potty, great mental image there.. lol
err thanks! lol coulda lived without it :)
ahh im teasin its cool... lol
haha dont tell me you smoke too...
lol damn, youre pretty old for 13...
sure you aint got an older sister? haha
lol well fine then youre cool in my book, poker, drinks and a cigarette now and then
lol never said you werent!  so whats the craziest shit you done so far? lol
like you ever done some shit where youre like, oh damn if my parents knew...
id be sooo screwed!!!
lol so what the worst?
awww did you do something really bad? haha
lol it depends, if you have a boyfriend it aint that bad
but if youre doin stuff that could make her a grandma.. well shit yeah that could be bad!
hah how old?
lol well was it fun?
ahhh i see you go all the way too?
ahhh then see it aint so bad! lol
i went all the way with a 13 yr old once...
but i was 15... :-P
and we were kinda drunk, lol
but making out is sooo nice when youre drunk, lol
hahha so what do you look like?
and no i dont wanna know what color nose hairs you have...
hahah allright so Avy is her name?
lol i was about to say her name should be sarah
so how tall are ya??
ahhh yeah do ppl think your 18 ever?
lol bad sarah...
haha!  so how do you like to dress?
lolo i cant see it
hmm you like wearing black?
well thats cool, black looks good...
black skirts, black heels... lol black whatever
black undies, lol
lol what color are they then
aww too cute... lol
im teasing ya, lol
i dont care even if theyre green and brown, lol
well if theyre brown you should care...
lol im just messin with ya
so whats your idea of fun girl? lol yes i am...
ahhh a few drinks, movies, chillin...
doin whatevers
yeah like what kinds
lol and no i cant see your avaar yet
comedies, crazy shit...
nope aint there!
fine then, tell me what you look like then :)
slim, athletic or thick?
well im sure the boys chase you all day,lol
but you like it that way...
and you like showing them something now and then, lol
like the finger, lol
hahah i dont wish but maybe they do!
see, i know it already, lol
hahah and you like to hang out somewhere quiet at night and drink and chill...  but shit dont we all?
i usually head somewhere real quiet and outta the way... bring a few beers and chill...
or at my place where i can watch a movie, lol
hahah i would but you prolly cant go out tonight, lol
see, youre stuck at home huh? lol
see!  lol another time...
well where are your parents?
yeah where they at?
ahh so you gotta stay home, lol
aww too bad, shit i might have bought you some lemonade, haha
and drove somehwere quiet and let you have a few drinks and just chill...
like sit back, talk story... you know?
laugh about stupid shit going on
yup!  naw dont have one, prolly dont need one, lol
but i got enough ladies after me im cool... lol
ahhh drama, dont want none of that you know?
ahh im 5'7\" dark hair and eyes...
im a jeans and t shirt kinda guy...
little boys are, lol
but men dont create drama the solve that shit...
err they solve that shit...
but nah i dont like drama... i like my life stress free...
i like my girls the same way you know?
lol if i kiss or make out with a girl i dont want her asking to be my girlfriend off the bat!
for me its like, shit it was fun but lets hang out more first... lol
lol so you can make out witha  dude and not trp on him?
err trip?
oh you know it... oh and you ever gone all the way
or you just waiting for someone you really like?
doh how long ago you move?
damn that sucks...
ah so thats why youre looking to hang out and stuff
hahah and your prolly wondering about sex too cuz you were gonna but couldnt, that sucks...
shit i dunno, its why i asked, lol
you got a phone?
damn whats up with that, lol
i was about to say in a few minutes i gotta go for a few, but if you wanan talk to me you can on da phone, lol
ahh ok call me then at 909-806-9925
i'll be back kk, gotta take care of some shit, lol
so call me :)
ahhh 15 min, you gonan call now?
ahh ok my friend is supposed to drop off some shit
so i promised him id wait outside, but its butt ass cold out there!
man i dont wanna out on a coat im home... lol
shit only way im getting mikes is if i can share some with ya girl, lol
lol i would but youre stuck at home,lol
yup!
if you got the time i got the cash and the wheels, lol
at your place?  or mine?
or like out in a theater or somethin, haha
well if you can get out late i can hang out late... dont matter to me none
not till 3PM, lol
when i wanna go to bed, lol
shit i will if you want, haha
yup!  speakin of which i gots to go outside, call me when you get a chance kk?
brb
Phil. lol
brb
!
lol damn someone is bored as shit, lol
hhah well glad you dont think im weird and all
now later i just gotta pick up the drinks... lol
you want mikes or something else?
kk i'll get some of that, lol well lets see what i can find around here
and you got a place around where you are you like to drink or you want me to take you back to my area? lol
ahh ok well you prefer chillin around my place?
pop in a movie or some shit, lol
kk thats cool
lol a movie or watch some TV, hah
but 2AM TV sucks...
trust me i know so well.. lol and btw you sound older than you really are, ahh lemme see i got a few movies here
some comedy, some action, lol
but theres a few to chose from so i dont care, i plan on doing more drinking than watching... lol
till i get drunk then im good, haha
ahhh i joke around a lot, talk a lot, lol
but i always knwo whats going on, lol i dont do stupid shit
like say some bad stuff or act like i dunno whats goin on
hah when ppl do that theyre just being pussies, like say something mean or rude
oh so how the hell do i pick you up? haha
i cant get out outside your house right? lol
well yeah, thats right its why i drive, lol
lol but where do i get ya, oustide your house?
or like nearby? haha i dont want to get your ass in trouble
lol tell you what, whats your address?
kk
welcome back, lol damn...
remind me not to scare you with weird noises, hah
lol so whats your adddress or how to i get there?
hmm, lemme look in the mirror, one sec...
nah i think im pretty normal... lol
im done now, lol
im just chillin watching some TV...
other than that I aint got shit to do, lol
oh yeah i gotta pick up drinks before i get ya cuz of curfew... ugh
yup!  so i'll get that shit in an hour or so, lol
i drive a honda accord... green
yup!  its a 97
hah so you'll know what the car looks like
bad girl! lol
im teasing ya, lol
hahah so anyway where do ya live??  about knowing the car so well... lol
see so you know what it looks like
hahah yes you did!  so whats your address girl?
so im not driving around corona yelling your name, lol
hmmm, lemme look around for a GF, umm nope!
yeah nothing but carpet, lol no girl there
lol man that would be hella funny...
for me though :D
lol i need one to have 2!
so far its 0... hahah
lol since last August!
at the same time, ohhh youre bad...
yeah that would be painful, lol
gotta get the names straight!
haha yeah thats too much man for any girl...
hahah but youre not like that are ya?! lol
oh shush!
lol well tell me this youre a virgin right?!
haha!  well thats close enough
ahh youre funny....
lol im sure now youre not a 40 yr old man...
ewwww...
i'll have another drink tonight just to get that outta my mind...
lol someone normal and female hows that??
hmmm btw you like mixed drinks?
hahah ok you can put your pants back on butthanks for checking
ahhh like an alcoholic smoothie, lol
i have some good vodka here that i need to work through, lol
lol yeah you were checking if you were female right?
lol bad Sarah...
ahhh i'll just hand you a drink then and forget about it, lol
lol no the idea of you not wearing pants, lol
bad things happen when ppl lose their plants!
err pants!
like cold legs, lol
hahah well if you lose your pants, you might lose more!  be careful...
and always know where your pants are, lol
yup!  you know those white undies..?  gone!
and now youre cold... lol
hahah then it just means you want it to be played with is all...
well if thats the truth, then you just grab and hand and put it where you like... lol
lol i am but shhhh... dont tell anyone...
hhah you know how to keep quiet too? lol
lol hahah!  so yeah... ummm what time should i be there? lol
about getting drinks, lol what were you thinking about?
lol so tell me a secret :)
hmmm how far have you gone with a guy?
haha did he return the fsvor?
err favor?
oh what a meanie... lol
im a little more nicer, i like returning favors...
yup!
hmmm, well lesse...
naughty or not so naughty, lol
hmm well i like touching a girl... down there...
right on that special spot...
no just ones i like... :-P
lol we'll see! i like you so far!
hahah yeah it is... lol so you gotta tell me now, how do i get to your place??
hahah allright
lol so do i... in a few minutes!
lol allright
me too i'll have my phone on me
hey you back yet?
lol crap careful i spook easy, haha
oy so whered ya go off to?
oh sweet so youre not funky anymore, haha
lol your aunt?  yuck!
haha i see, oh yeah she should prolly slap it on herself...
heheh havent left yet!
im gonan leave soon though...
about 10, curfew isnt till 1, lol
nope!  and btw you still have to gimme youre address silly!
lol you'll have presents, promise!
if i tell you its not a present!
just like its not a secret if you tell someone! haha
lol i haveht even gotten it yet!
i'm gonan go get it though, but first you gotta tell me how to get there...:-P
see i can be a brat too! lol
lol no i said i was being a brat :)
naw youre too cool to be a brat...
even if you try and act like one, lol
careful, you do that to me i'll do it right back... ;;)
lol hahah
only if you squeal a little...
a little... lol
so what else makes you squeal?  cold water? lol
hmmm, i really like kissing, lol
yeah?  so where do you like to be kissed??
lol so we have that in common... now im warning you im a good strong kisser...
you might squeal a little, lol
i do... ;;)
and do you...? lol
hmmm, well i think we may grow to like each other, hahah
hmmm, im thinking its a possibility, i dunno i'll have to start kissing and find out, haha
then im thinking yeah... lol if im kissing you im liking you...
hmmm so how do you let a guy know you like him...?
haha well you'll have a few suprises if you get that far...
like how big i am...
im not small, lol so i have to be careful sometimes
6 and a half... lol not monstrous but not small...
lol how big do you like them?
hmm you there?
lol you find one yet?
hehe so hows 6 and a half sound to you?
to me it sounds like something id order at starbucks!
lol i wouldnt put it inside...
unless you made me, haha
tie me up and put a gun to my head, lol
or just drive me wild... lol thats much more fun...
but im betting i could drive you wild first! ;;)
fingers and lips in the right places to crazy things...
err do crazy things :)
hmmm where would i put my finger...
someplace nice and warm... and a little wet...
and just rub in little circles...
lol brb.. phone :)
lol nope!  sorry my nephew was callin..
and wanted some advice, so i told him to stop smoking weed and get his ass to class, lol
naw im here :)  and as for the circles, you'll just have to find out wont ya?!
sure!  when you want me to go?
ahhh 20 min at the very most
hahah yeah i dont live that far from there
yeah sure :)  but how do i get there?
and i'll wait outside by 130... so just look outside for an accord...
yup!
yup!
ahh ok lemme pull it up..
lol 15 minutes
yeah it aint far, and how will you be dressed?
you can just wear PJ's or somethin... dont matter, lol
heheh kk
will she be all passed out and shit after?
i dont care, lol wear whever you want :)
heels and a skirt, pj's, jeans, whever youre in the mood for, lol im gonna go to the store now and find out what they got!
hahah i'll be back :)  maybe in 30 or so kk?
Stater Bros...
its just down the street!
lol ok i'll get food too...
snacks and shit, lol
ahhh whatevers, nothing too salty, lol
sure, i can eat pie, lol
lol yeah really i can eat pie, im cool with it!
what kind do you like?
kk i'll get some, allright im gonan get dressed and go, store closes at 11! lol
kk brb!
lol
ya?!
ahh sure thats cool, lol
kk then just tell me when its cool to come :)
allright, but its for me, i might share it if im feeling nice, lol cya soon!
kk cya soon!
ahh im back, lol just watchin south park!
hmmm, some mikes and im bringing vodka and a alcoholic energy drink... thats for me, you get pie and chips, lol
apple, lol
ummm lays you know those thin ones??
lol see so now you have a friend in the area, haha
and you better share a secret or two, lol
lol i'll ask when i get there!
i just might show you a secret or two also... heh
hmmm, like what happens when you touch me in certain places...
well i start to get warm :)
and i cant resist the urge to touch you in certain places neither...
so youre as warm as i am.... ;)
oh and if i find somewhere really warm i'll start kissing there...
hmmm what would happen if i did that?
lol no you tell me! :)
well it kinda gets really wet...
and tingles a lot... :)
feel free, lol
but i think we might be too busy to measure, lol
can you measure something while youre squealing? lol
heheh so why is your aunt leavin??
yeah she gonna be out till morning?
lol i guess that leaves time for us to kick back and have fun, haha
lol so you still wearing the white undies or you change out of them?
lol and aren you gonna get cold with nothing under?!
a draft could sweep right under... haha
yeah you think youre gonna get warmer? lol
hmmm, at what places? :)
hahah is it warm now?!
hmmm, wonder if i can change that...
a little massage here..
make it warmer :)
hmmm, is it working? lol
maybe if i massage it....
kiss you....
rub your chest a bit...
kiss you more and slide my hands down....
bet you would too!
till i felt something moist and warm... and just kept my hand there, lol
ad started massaging there while i was kissing you....
hmmm getting warmer?
lol well give it a bit of time i'll be there in a few hrs, hehe
yeah, lol just gotta wait till your aunt leaves, lol
oh and when i come by come on out so i know its cool to come in
hah ok
me too, i'll be back in about 15
kk back
lol wheres you hop off to?
haha!
trying to get me over there early?!
hahah its allright, you can sit tight, you kinda have to, lol
lol i'll take a shower soon cuz i dont wanna be smelling like ass
nah, thats would suck :)
besides would you wanan be sitting next to someone who smeels like armpit?!
i know i wouldnt, lol
hahah but i bet you smell nice...
lol and i bet you look nice too...
lol i'll be the judge when i get there
you'll know it if you find me kissing you sometime... hahah
and you'll really know it if you find yourself with your nightgown rolled up... lol
well now is thata  good thing or a bad one? lol
its good if my hands feel like the want to move... ;)
and hold your legs and slowly open them...
and lightly run my hand down there...;;)
and try to keep you warm, lol
just like youre warm now? lol
hmmm you know what would make you even warmer?
if i were kissing your nipples at the same time...
sucking on them and teasing them....
until my hands were warm and wet...
hmmm, i bet if i were there now youre already warm and wet... hahah
and id just keep kissing you until you finished...
have you ever cum before?
lol this is gonna be fun, its  when you have an orgasm...
your body just tingles and you cant take it anymore....
i'll show ya later, lol
yup!
i'll make you cum a few times...
its easy if a guy knows what hes doing, lol
lol not on this computer sorry!
you'll see me in an hr anyway, lol
and we can have a few drinks till you feel comfortable and show me what you wanan do ;)
hahah you just wanna make out huh?
we'll i'll be there and if you wanna make out just take me to your room, lol
i'll lay on top of you on the bed and start kissing you...
ahh jeans and a sweater, have a preference?
oh and how big is your chest? lol
oh thats fine, lol
i'll put it all in my mouth...
i'll give you something to put in your mouth too if you want it ;)
its warm, pretty hard....
you like sucking on a finger?
haha!
so you like doing that?
sure, lol
i'll teach you whatever you like, lol
by the time i go you'll be floating, hahah
hahah im sure, brb! :)
heh still there?
shit musta missed you i'll leave a message...
I'm going to bed... bye!!! lol j/k
hahah im teasing
i should take a shower in about 15 min
kk actually i gotta get dressed and stuff, i'll be back in 30...
ahh ok all clean... lol
lol im here, oh and how do i get in through the back? lol
do i go through a fence door?
ahh ok, lol good and the backdoor is open too or do i knock?
hahah allright, lol your aunt leavin yet?!
lol cool, i think this is gonna be lots of fun...
hahah it just makes it feel all the better when we hang out, lol
just try not to bounce up and down too much!
hahah fine, lol i'll say it...
lol and where will you be when i come in? haha
lol i hope its not a 40 yr old guy or a cop! haha
lol but i did hear ya over the phone!
you do sound cute....
i wonder what other noises i can get to come out of your mouth, lol
hahah yeah, lol
lol im getting impatient is that bad?!
lol what the heck is she doin?!
hahah well you wear makeup too right? lol
lol she paint her face on huh?
how nuts....
lol well thats what she wants to do i guess...
jeans and a sweater, lol
just a blue one, lol
and what are you wearing? haha
just wondering if ya changed, lol
no shoes? haha
lol well i like the nightgown but is there something you like wearing? ;)
it dont matter to me, haha
hahah well when she backs out the driveway i'll leave
so how big is your bed? lol
lol hahaha
hmmm and i hope youre still warm, lol
better be, if i slide my finger down there i wanna feel it, lol
oh youre just anxious, lol
your face is gonne be plenty red in an hour, haah
yeah i am too!
hahah allright im out!
cya soon!
