Hey Cutie! You are so beautiful girl Jus sayin! I see you live in Hartford also! Wanna hang out sometime!
You are only 14? I am 26 lol
Lol thank you your beautiful yourself!
text me if u want to
:) hey cuti 
So your from Hartford also 
:) damn sucks you are so young! Jail bait lol 
Send me a pic of you 
Lol! You must have been sending bad ones 
Can you receive them? 
I will get it! 
What you doing? 
That is fine:) I am down loading yahoo messenger! 
I am at work so equally hard to text lol 
OK its almost done 
So you like older guys? 
Lol well cool! :) 
No! You got a bf? 
Good 
:) 
I downloaded it but had insufficient space so got to redo it! Lol! We going to have to hang out sometime? 
If you do? 
:) that's what up!!! 
What you do for fun boo? 
:) you got any plans for this weekend? 
:) :) cool lets make some! 
What ever you want to boo! If you like it I love it! So nothing bother me! 
;) 
Are you able to do anything tonight? 
Only on weekends? 
Oh OK! :) so this weekend you think you can leave? We could go see a movie or anything you want 
I think I added you on yahoo 
Wyd? 
Cool! I added you on yahoo I think 
:) 
Hey its jake
:)
I going to send ya pic
Ty! Kisses for you
Lol
Don't think so it let me open but its all black
Awe you are sooo cute
;)
Yeah girl you are stunning!
I think you are!
Your welcome!
Just chillin playing ping pong at my house with couple friends!
Lol that my game face boo\"
Wyd?
:) thank you!
:(
Yeah I know!
Send me another pic boo?
Wow! Lol you are absolutely beautiful!
What is your favorite perfume? I going to get you a surprise lol?
Lol well you know what it is but you just got to act surprised
Kk can u get it at mall?
Ok cool
So miss Erica you think you would want to hang out sometime?
So do I!
So how do u not have a bf?
You are so fine lol! Any guy be lucky to have u!!! Jus sayin
He is an idiot!
Well better off without him them boo! Plus I glade we get to hang out lol!
You auburn or Alabama fan babe?
Oh where ya from?
Really? Lol big change coming here huh?
I know that is right! I never been that far north but I can only imagine!
So you like guys In army?
Yes mam
:) you make me smile girl!
Lol you do!!! I can't wait to see u in person!
So this weekend wanna let me take you shopping or to dinner or something?
Lol why maybe? Why not yes I would love too! Lol
No one will!
I want say anything!
Yeah I'm sure! We can go shopping in troy no one will know us there!
And we could just watch movie or something at my house
Or what ever you like
Lol!
That sounds good huh?
Lol :) sounds great to mee
I got the hangover 3. And u ever heard of \"now you see me\"?
But I go get what ever movie you want to watch
Lol yeah
Lol ur cray
I like it though!
Lol yeah! Your pretty awrsome
Oh you know it babe? Lol
I was saying you are lol and glade you know it!
Send me one more pic babe a sexy one lol
:) :) I can't get over how beautiful you are boo!
So movies this weekend babe?
Yeah
Just say you staying with friend lol!
And I down for what ever you wanna do babe?
Mmmmm lil
Lol
You Jus saying that lol
Really?
You made my night lol
Just cause you are a dime plus nine lok
Try to come over for real like go ahead and ask tomorrow lol
:)
Room mate! But just be us this weekend
He always gone outta town anyways!
We in army together
Yeah will be great! Lol
I bet you look damn good in bathing suit! Jus sayin lol
We will go sometime!
You got any pics with u in bathing suit?
Lol its all good
So ddo i
Lol
I would like that! Alot lol
Yeah baby I will
Text or on here?
Sleep good babe! I will text you in the morning
:)
Muah! Nite
Hey boo 
How are you doing today 
Good babe! Jus think about you lol! ;) 
Just about how pretty you are! And this weekend! If you can leave? 
Its OK! You going to when u get home baby? 
From school? 
Well yeah lol 
:) 
Something sexy! Lol 
Like a cute skirt or something 
:) mmmm can't wait 
:) we gonna have good weekend bwby 
Oh yeah!!!! 
What ever you want to baby! I will do what ever you want! 
:) mmmhhhmm what ever you say! 
Alot lol but they a surprise lol! 
Lol why? 
Well you call it boo! Only do what you wanna do 
If you like it I love it! Nothing bothers me 
You got Facebook 
? 
You should add me? 
Or would that be bad idea? 
Lol yeah! 
Baby I going to kiss your whole body! 
:) mmhhmm I bet you taste like heaven 
So I do! 
What else you like baby? 
Really? You like for me to lick your body!? And go down on you? 
Lol think about it! 
Eat you out baby! Lol 
Lol! Do you like that? 
I do lol and yeah I would love to for you! 
:) I would do it till you made me stop!!!! 
Mmmm idk what would you want me to do 
Really!? Well you will definitely like that! 
I will do it extra good and long for you 
:) 
We should exchange some naughty pics tonight? 
Is that a yes lol? 
Why? 
If I going to see it all tomorrow anyways why not have a little pregame 
Well I not like that guy lol 
I wouldn't show anyone cause of circumstances 
What? Wasn't expecting you to say that! :+ 
:( 
I would be dumb to show someone cause of circumstances 
Not at all 
Lol 
Ok baby 
I'm excited 
You think she will say yes 
Ok cool! Any night is fine 
Download snap chat 
Yeah that sucks lol! 
Lol that is good idea I got one u can have! 
Its a I phone too 
What your mom say? 
My old I phone 4 
Oh k 
We shoulda met up today 
Lol 
She woulds been alright 
Lol 
What time your mom get home!? 
Where do you stay in hartford 
Oh ok 
Lets exchange some more pics! 
OK 
Just go to your room lol 
:( 
Hey there 
Oh OK! Its all god 
Good 
How your day bby 
I know that's right baby 
I cant wait to love on you 
Oh yeah! You can be my girl lol Jus no one can know lol 
I not I don't want to get in trouble! Or have to stop lol 
So would you like to be my girl? 
Just like us chill and keep it on the low 
Good! I will spoil you boo 
That is going to change babe! 
What ever your heart desires 
I gonna be working late tonight try for tomorrow baby! 
:) 
Baby 
Wyd 
Oh OK call me when u can! 
Yeah just hard to text and wanna tell u something! 
Lol Jus call I already got in trouble for text today lmao 
Ok babe 
Wyd? 
Hell yeah where at 
Lol 
Working baby Wyd? 
Send me more pics on yahoo baby! 
So I can admire your beauty 
? 
He babe wyd 
Just ready to go home lol 
Lol damn 
So we can't talk on phone? 
Me either lol I really like you! Jus sayin 
Alot lol 
Are you on bc 
That's good! And damn that sucks lol 
I don't like condo lol 
They take feeling away 
Yeah 
Do we have to use em? 
I know! I can pull out! 
Or I will get you morning after pill!? 
Pill that you take to not get pregnant if a guy rubbished inside you 
Its like 50$ but I will get it if you let me Finnish inside you? 
No it downy! 
Doesn't! 
Good that makes it so much more intimate 
And feels soooooo good! 
So I can lol 
Hell yeah 
Lol 
Thank you 
Yeah lol 
Ok boo 
Hey babe!
Thank you baby
You are the most beautiful girl in world lol
You are
You are to me!
I am luckiest guy in world lol
I am baby!
being honest!
Sorry
Good morning! 
How are you baby! 
Lol that from being in army love lol 
So baby Wyd tonight 
Ok atleast it wasn't no! 
Oh OK! I hope u can! I want to cuddle and kiss u soooooo bad 
I hope you feel same as me cause I can't stop thinking bout you! Just hope si 
Really cause I really like you alot? 
I think you amazing 
I can't help it I crazy bout you 
I just want to hold you already 
And kiss you 
Baby ( 
Sneak out baby tonight just so I can kiss you! 
Damn I was looking forward to seeing you 
Can you call me? 
Ok I just want to hear your voice lol 
baby I know you said wait till we see each other but would you send pic of you in like bra and panties! Please baby 
Or a really sexy pic! 
Please baby or even on in bathing suit I just dying to see more of u! 
Hey love! Send me some more pics!
Ok I will baby
Please send me a full body sexy one babe
Like in panties and bra baby! Or bathing suit lol!
I will send you a really sexy one if u send one back baby
You want to see my you know what?
Lol?
That is not hard babe!!
I just about 9\" hard
Send me one to get me hard baby
You going to be able to handle one that big?
You going to be able to handle one that big?
Send me sexy one now and I will send more!
I will be easy on you!
Mmm baby let me see ur butt!
And I will take more of my dick
I just really horny right now baby
I just wanna lick your pussy so long right now
Oh baby I know I bet you taste so good!
Please send just one in ur panties baby
Then slide my dick in your tight pussy slowly
Its just panties baby and I not I really like you alot and promise I want baby!
Please baby
I swear to god like I am falling for you I don't want any looking at my girl
Cbaby if your mom just see what we writt
We would be in trouble!
Please baby
I'm soooooo horny and just want you to be kinky and keep exchange pics
You want another one from me?
I so caught up on you! Like you the only girl I need for rest of life!
Baby:(
If she just read what we write we would get in trouble! And its just panties! I don't understand 
Its just like sending text! 
Well just send me one then delete baby! 
I not going to show any one why would I want another guy check out my girl? 
A girl that I crazy about at that? 
Damn wish I wouldn't sent the one I did now! I hope ur not just playing me! And really are who you say you are! You just never answer 
I just hope you are really Erica and girl in those pics! 
I just really like you and just don't want you to be playing around! 
Ok baby ima trust you but please don't play me! Cause you already somehow got me addicted to you! And we haven't even kissed or anything yet 
I not Erica I want you soooo bad! I don't want any other girl for rest of my life long as I got you 
And I usually only go for girls my age but I fell for you 
Hope you falling for me Erica! 
Yeah please do! 
I am completely yours Erica! No one elses 
I kinda got it bad for you 
Yeah Erica I definitely want you! 
You sound sooooo cute on phone! So if we fall in love we can be together baby!? 
Good baby I will try my best every day to make you happiest girl in the world! 
I never felt this way about a girl! And I call myself a Mack daddy before I met you! 
I never fell for a girl before I even kissed her or been intimate with 
You have had sex before right? 
Well good baby let ur guard down! I want you to fall in love with me! Cause I think I am with you already lol 
I usually one making girls fall but you are my weakness 
Like ima make sure you got the car u want when u turn 16! Always going to be in some miss me jeans! I just going to spoil you! 
And not only spoil you but love you baby! 
Its weird cause I wouldn't do it for any other girl! My heart smiles just thinking bout you why I know that you the one baby 
Just stick with me Erica we going to be perfect together I know it! 
Good! I so glade I found you! 
Baby sneak out tonight you don't have to leave house I just want to kiss you please 
Kiss you and tell you I love you! 
I really think I do! I know its crazy but I do! Erica I love you 
You are all I think about since I met you! 
Is that bad baby? 
Awe baby! Good! Thank god! 
You are best thing that has ever happened to me baby I love you 
And I'm your first love! That's I good cause I really believe your my zing lol I found my soulmate! 
Yeah you make have this feeling! 
You will get what ever your heart desires baby! Idc if I got to rob bank to get it for you 
Is it I'm sorry 
And if you don't believe me we will go get your car the first night we hang out! I got enough in bank to pay most of it off and I will put it in ur name so u know! 
That's hows sure I am that you my soulmate! 
What ever kinda car u want my love! 2014 too 
I just absolutely love you no doubt! 
I love you Erica! 
Wyd babe? 
Baby I love you good night 
Just woke up thinking about you baby love you! Text me later 
What size pants and shirt you wear babe? 
You sure can sleep lol I going to aeropostale later I get you couple outfits if u tell me sizes 
Did I make you mad? 
Oh OK lol phew! 
That wouldst sucked lol cause I let my gaurd down for you! And already head over heels lol Jus sayin 
I going to put you on my bank account baby so when I deploy over seas you can have money! 
And just in case something happens to me u can have money also 
Not soon around November baby! 
I really do love you Erica! Jus hope you know that 
8 months in Basra Afghanistan 
11bravo infantry! And please don't leave me when I go over seas I really do love you! 
I mean you want us to be together right? Like I don't have wrong idea do I? 
Baby I hope you love me and just want only me! I hope I not falling deeply in love with you and it not bee mutual feeling! 
You just hard to read! And I don't want to get hurt! 
Ok I understand! Are you falling in love? 
I know you around family and hard to text so just send me what size pants and shirt you wear i going shopping for you at Aero! Text or call me when u can! And let ur guard down a fall in love I don't want to be only one! Ttyl 
Quick question miss me jeans don't have 4 they go by waist size and hip you know what u need? 
They expensive as hell but I asked the lady working what to get my gf and really make her smile she said! Miss me jeans lol! 170$ pair of jeans lol wtf 
Nah its all good! Get ya couple pair of those and shirt but do you know what \"miss me\" size you are 
You ever heard of them? She said they was the style lol 
Ima ask her what size to get since u a 4 
Ok 
You will love the 2 I picked out! I hope lol 
She asked do you have big butt for being a size 4 lol 
Mmmm I like that lol OK she said she got it! 
To late lol! And know I don't have to but I want to 
Want me to send pic on yahoo 
Ok 
Love you 
So much baby! I would never have spent 370$ on 2 pairs of jeans! On any other girl! Its cause I love you baby! 
And baby if you feel like you do love me you should say it! I mean don't if you don't feel it but don't be scared of fallling for me cause obviously I have for you 
you best girl in the world 
I love you! 
Omg awe!!! You just made me tear up! 
I wanted you to say it solo bad! 
You just made me happiest guy in world 
I going to add you to bank account tomorrow and get ya ATM card! You can spend money how ever you like baby! Its ours now! 
That was first time you told a guy you love him too wasn't it! 
you want regret saying it 
I thank god I found the most beautiful, kind, sweet girl in the world! 
Your welcome you think you could call me sometime later today baby just to talk 
That'd fine baby! You think tonight you could sneak out window just to meet up a kiss each other? 10 mins baby that's all 
I just want to hug and kiss you! 
When you turn 15 let's get married then u can live with me? 
When is your bday baby? 
Let's get married then? 
Lol impossible! I really do mean it when I say I love you! We can meet first but I promise I still will want to marry you lol 
I not trying to play you or lead you on! I really see us being a great couple! 
I am about to put you on my bank account and give you your own ATM card you don't think that means anything lol! 
If I get shot and killed overseas you will get everything of mine! You are my POD (payable on death)! I don't just do that! Actually this will be first time anyone beside me will have access to my bank! There like 29,000 in there! 
That why I said let ur gaurd down and fall in love cause I am! And all you got to worry about rest of ur life is staying faithful! And what to wear everyday! You will never have to work if u don't want to! 
If you wanted to go blow ever last bit of what we got in bank go ahead I will make more baby! Idc what you do with it just be happy and love me! 
I glade u aggree cause we both young I think I am good looking guy! I work hard and I will always treat you right and I good in bed lol what more u need? 
And if we get married no more sneaking around! You can live with me! Have sex any time! I make good money! 
And I love you soooooooo much 
Plus 8 months of every year I in Iraq or afghan so you will have plenty time for friends! I want kids but that can be later in life! Just remember baby if you like it I love! I'm easy to please 
Awe! I'm sorry babe! Damn wish we coulda met up but its all good tomorrow I going to bank to add you on so I will text you to get ur birthrate and set up pin for ATM card 
I love you so much Erica sleep good text me when ever 
Goodnight sorry u feel bad 
What year was you born? Nov 19 ? 
Good morning baby! I am at bank waiting on them to open! I about to make you my POD and add you! I am what you want right baby! Like I am making right choice ain't I! Cause I love you 
Pod (payable on death) if I die over seas you will get everything and benefits and my salary every year for rest of your life! And adding you to account so when I deployed you can get money for what ever u may need! 
You will have your own ATM/credit card with your name on it! So u can get money out ATM or go shopping and just use card! 
I am on leave baby I only have to report to post 2 a week! You can come anytime you want 
And I want to do this 
Its almost done now anyways just ordering your ATM now! Already signed all the paper work 
Well thank you baby you are the world to me! I think ur amazing 
And its all done ur card will come in the mail in 14-16 days 
Awe baby you don't feel good! 
Get on yahoo I going to show you your pants baby 
Do you? :) she said they will make ur butt look amazing lol
Lol I go over seas alot and when over there don't spend money! Just make it!
I go 8 months once a year and will have around 46,000 in bank when I get home
I drive a truck 2013 Chevy and motor cycles
:) white I take pic of it for you
And my motorcycles
Soon as you are with me we going to look at cars for you baby
What ever you want too! If you want a Hummer we get you a Hummer!  Or what ever u want
I got enough in bank now to put good down payment on it and when I deploy you can pay it off
Happy wife equalss happy life\"
Lol that what I think
Lol
Yes baby
I would love that
Be able to kiss you! Awh I would prob die lol
Really! Awe baby I'm sooooo excited
I know baby god that would be amazing
They really going to be jealous!!\" That's just the start of it baby
When I say u can do what ever you want with our money you can! If you want to take all your friends out to eat and movies you can baby! I am in army they pay all my bills only thing I got to pay every month is cell phone and truck payment!
Idk I never done anyone like this? Just something keeps you in my mind and makes me want to do my best for you so you will never want anyone else
Hard to explain
I am ssg (staff sergeant) e6 so I make 4100 every month!
2 checks a month on the 1 and then the 15
Yes I will
:)
:) you make me smile so much that my checks hurt sooooooo bad lol
Ok baby :)
Where u live babu
I stay right behind piggly wiggly
Ok lol! That's cool
What street u live on?
Really do u have a sister that drives a yellow mustang
Oh OK lol!
Where at on Burch cause I live on Burch too lol
Me and roommate we in same unit in the army
I live accros from that church on 8 the and burch
Lol
Yeah
Know where I talking about?
On the road that goes to the pig and corner of Burch its old church!
Lol we been living on same street and didn't even know it
Didn't mean to click that buzz tging
Ok baby
Anything lol! 
My roommates parents came down for Easter so they are here but we will stay in back bedroom away from them! 
They from Texas so its all good 
I just tell them you 19 OK you look it anyways 
They want say anything to you but if they do you are 19 lol told them you my gf 
If you just want to walk to that church on Burch instead of all the way to pig that be better! 
I live right here at church! 
And I will just meet you there a litteraly live right accross from it cati corner! That way no one see us 
I'm soooo nervous lol 
Its all good baby 
Ok you don't think anyone will see us? 
Ok baby! 
About to pull in 
I'm hete 
