hi how are you?
so you just moved around here?
figured this was easier then email although i did email you too
lol
so where did you move here from?
oh...from matt should have one i just sent it a few mins ago
lol oh random
oh nice im matt nice to meet you im in paso robles live alone here
it said 18 on there whoops im 27 lol
im old:)
on your craigslist thing i thought
oh ok lol good
oh it didn't say an age my bad
lol glad im not too old
lol im sorry read it fast saw your cute picture figured i couldnt leave you bored your too cute
so where did you come from?
oh nice that is where i bought my car
aw really?
im tall hope you like tall guys
your sweet:)
im glad we get to talk
ya i bought my car in ventura 7 years ago
good:) glad i can keep your interest
lol aww wow well now you have me
05 acura rsx type s
im much more entertaining then solitare i hope lol
its a fast little car loud too
dont hafve a pic of it here but on my phone
oh it would put you back in the seat its quick
put a lot of work into the engine
but ya i live here alone in paso have for about 5 years
nope its jade..so charcoal grey with green sparkle
ya its nice im sure you'd like it
very
not one that looks real close to mine in similarity
lol
ya leather interior
its compfy
youd like it im sure
walking blows specially when its been as hot as it has been here
ya was like a 108 last week thought my white ass was gonna melt out there working
ya for now normally im a computer tech, but because of economy ive been cutting and splitting wood to pay bills, until i can find a good quility computer tech job
so ya im out there in the heat! 
woods heavy too
tell me about it
but i got a big screen at home and guns and quads and toys so its worth it
you'd have fun here i have a 56 inch tv, blu ray, video games
ya..like i said im glad you moved here cuz we can have lots of fun
your in not the greatest part of this area but hey least your closer then ventura
ya moviing does suck did a lot of that as a kid..now its nice to have a place thats mine
aw ya? you look so innocent would hate for something to happen to you that would be terrible
there is bad parts here in paso too luckily im a bit away and i have guns for protection
ok good...long as i know your safe
oh shit ya that is a bad part
ya
well here you'll like it i hope
your probably not single though your to sweet to be single good ones are always taken
there is some beautiful parts of this county
lol that wont last long someone will snag you up your too good not to be taken
aw well hes stupid then
cuz your a great catch
id keep you
aw im just being honest
lol no...just havn't found someone worth keeping like you
aw ya?
good glad i can always make you smile
thats me laying down:)
its hot so gotta be compfy
lol aww see now your just being sweet
im really glad you made a add..i never usually look and the one time i did i find you im glad
wow you are so pretty
sweet and pretty
might have to pinch me in person to make sure your real
lol im serious your too good to be true:)
oh please...you could have any guy u want sweetie honestly
ah see im a nice guy so i finish last usually
haha i have a good heart...would rather treat someone good and make them happy i feel i dont need to be an asshole unless there is a reason to be
and if your being bad id just send you to my room ! 
lol jk
so if your looking for random an dtreat you good im your man
since you say you dont want just any guy....maybe im that guy:)
open doors for you, im a great cook, random flowers
im real random and very open with the right person so you'd be cracking up a lot 
just little things at random times to show you that i care about you
give you a kiss before i leave for work in the morning
i grew up with just a mom dad left when i was born, mom had me at 18 he wasn't ready to be a dad..so ive learned over the years how a women should be treated
ya im real random...and silly its in my blood
ya...well you have me:)
not alone anymore
lol what? 
i swear im real youve seen my pics
ok il be here
yay
just been waiting for you:)
see just showing you i care
so what are you thinking sweetie
ya i am sitting in my boxers lol next to the air conditioning!
lol no your the cute one
i keep looking at your pic
aw see you should be here
haha
lol true but would be better spending time with me dont you think?
indeed 
i think we should spend some time together
would be fun
what?:)
lol 
i have two guns and no i like to shoot recreation and there just for protection
but no i have a good heart....and i like you so far
i have a dog and two cats
i would treat you good i promise
would love for you to be mine:)
should be here cuddling with me
ya? i got strong hands too i could rub your back
haha i will be gentle
dont wanna tickle you too hehe
any more pics of you sweetie?
haha oh id find a spot!
so when would you wanna spend time together ?
hmm must be busy
aw i was just taking care of a horse the other week
lol its ok would phone be easier?
lol ok, my buddy's mom's hourse
horse*
he was sweet he liked me
lol aw your so sweet
lol no no its ok:) i kno wyou wouldn't ignore me you were just looking for a pic
really anytime weekends are probably best but anytime..long as im with you i dont care:)
ya then you could just come here
how long would you stay?
haha, so stay the weekend?
or maybe i should just keep you?:P lol jk
lol uh ya probably cuz im 27 silly
haha ya? meaning?
lol ok good dont wanna get you introuble
ok ya no worries
k
lol damn
we will figure it out..either way we are gonna get together 
i like you
lol ok im gonna let dog out real quick so il be back too
haha its ok im back to miss me?
aw  your so sweet
haha aww
i have one named bandit and then my female cat is named sinders i call her sins for short
they keep me company since i didn't have you
i dont know you wanna be mine?:)
haha :)
so that a yes:X
i will always treat you good i promise
i like you and care about you dont wanna ever lose you
now we just need to figure out how i can come get you
how old is your sister she is gonna flip when she knows your daiting someone huh?
lol no i drive...
id have to pick you up would take you a long time to walk here
lol ya she'd flip if she knew you were together with a 27 year old!
ok just between you and me?
maybe once your around 18 we can finally tell ppl the truth
ya no i dont want that i want us to be able to be happy
ya..if you really care for me and i care for you then fuck it
no reason for anyone to stop us if we like eachother
ya its ok..we just have to plan it is all so you dont get caught
we'll have plenty of time to spend together baby i promise
yep cuz your gonna be here for a few days atleast
more time i can spend with you the better
haha well your sis wouldn't allow that
im sure you would if you could though huh?:)
but ya basically your second home..so you know you always have somewhere to go 
cuz i wouldn't want you to move away again
ya no you would just come live with me if it got to that time
ok good long as you stay around here..dont want you to go
your mine now baby:)
i think you'll love staying with me
take you to avila beach too my buddy manages a hotel there we could get a suit with a jacuzzi on the balcony walk in shower everything so nice
ya you'll love it
nope what he doesn't know won't hert him right?
or il just say your 18
hes not usually there anyways really so he wouldn't ever ask
id just say i want a room
the room would be so fun
anytime sweetie once we can start spending time together we could go anytime
we'd prob be up all night for staying there
same here im always up late
and with the jacuzzi and the big marble walk in shower with a bench..we would have to use everything
ya its a two person one on a balconi outside
ya, we won't have to break in to these:)
you in a bikini i think my jaw would hit the floor your so sexy
what are you thinking sweetie?
or if what lol
oh you dont know if you packed it?
embarrassed to say what?
aw ya that sucks..well if worse comes to worse il giv eyou a white shirt to wear:)
yep
haha really?:)
hmm wonder how long it would last on you sexy
haha...id prob be in shock sweetie
cuz you'd probably straddle me huh?
lol your like maybe:)
we are gonna have some fun i think
wish your sis was gone
you busy sweetie?
or just thinking/
aw what you thinking
im in templeton right on paso robles border
your on way to santa maria?
your the hot one and the sweet one baby...i like you a lot
haha crazy for what?
oh ya? hmmm would u get it all wet?
haha true duh lol
hmm now you got me thinking of that
lol i wanna see you
hmm we'd be in that jacuzzi for a while
haha depends on how hot we want it
yep
they are fully adjustable with jetts and different color lights
haha no, just my bottoms
why what are you thinking i should wear?
haha just bottoms nothing under those
although mine dont stay on well there a little too big
so maybe just my boxers lol
my hands might slide up your shirt beautiful
i swear im real, but are you real is the question:)
we've been talking non stop to so you know i really like you a lot
lol tell me about it..never met anyone like you
feels to good to be true
haha ya....my hands would definetly slide up your shirt
if thats all your wearing
hmm up to you sweetie:)
whatever you wanna wear id be happy with
well anything on you would look amazing baby your beautiful either way
the shirt would be easier access:)
haha what you thinking ?
depends where u want my hands
ya...id prob kiss you while i slid my hands up
kiss your lips then your neck
and u can feel my hands run up your back under the shirt..slide them forward to your chest
:-*
can't wait to see you baby
your sis needs to leave lol
oh good:)
so what do you wanna do when we hang out sweetie?
haha ya?
my mom has a hot tub too and goes outa town a lot so we could go over there a lot too
i want you here so bad baby
well like i said anytime i can spend with you i will
because i like you a lot so anytime i can i want too
so nights and weekends are best usually i work in the mornings but doesn't mean you couldn't stay here while im at work cuz im usually home by lunch
i wanna always make time for you
aw good
you happy?:)
very
its so warm at my house right now! gonna need a cold shower soon
aw good:)
i do but still warm think cuz im talking to you make me hot:)
well we couldn't go to the hot tubs tonight but you can bring it anyways?
id have to plan it with him so thats why we gotta figure out a day your sis leaves so we can go there 
but you can come to my house and stay here with me
we can watch movies, or go to the beach?
i live about 40 mins from the beach
avila is my favorite beach
there is a few beaches by me
ya nice
ya santa maria is about an hour or so from me
im north of you
ya i do a lot
to me you are
i like you a lot and care about you
wanna be with you
really?
why me baby?
aw good ya i want you to trust me cuz i am very honest and wanna be with you for a long time!
well not anymore..im in it for the long run 
well then it will be a big change having me in your life
im not going anywhere baby i promise
aw well cuz your not use to being treated like i treat you
but that will change now that you know how you should be treated:)
ya its beautiful there specially if you have never seen it
when is best for you..she work during the week? and she off weekends or what?
cuz you probably can't just leave she'd prob call you all night looking for you wouldn't she?
oh ok, would u like to stay a day i dont work in the mornings or does it matter would u just stay here while i worked or what?
cuz like i said i usually only work a half day most days
unless i have a delivery
well i just dont want you to feel stuck and bored while im at work is all
haha true and atleast here you'd be waitin for me to get home..i am dirty when i get home though lol
haha id ask you to join me in the shower:)
yes:)
its not huge but we could fit yes:)
id rub you down with soap
while i kiss your neck
well il clean house tonight and make everythign spotless and does she work at the same time tomorrow?
cuz i want the house to look really nice while you stay here
lol yes i do, its not nice to leave you in a dirty house..i couldnt' do that thats rude lol i want it to be nice and clean
and id come get you then we would go to the beach for a while and then head back here watch some movies and just spend as much time together as possible
lol aww your so sweet baby
your gonna stay with me for a while huh
hehe ya but its not your mess baby you just get to come relax and enjoy being away from home when your hear
shows how caring you are though wanted to help sweetie your so sweet
ya want you to enjoy your time here
hehe i know you dont, thats why i like you:) cuz i know you'd always help me if i needed
your amazing i still dont know how you were single
im so glad you are all mine
haha well your not anymore:)
gonna have to get you a little promise ring so ppl know your mine;)
because your gonna have guys lined up at your door trying to have you be theres
lol ok good long as i know you rmine and mine only
haha alot of stuff like what sweetie?
lol like what baby
i just smoke weed
now adays:)
i get some bomb purps too
ya purple weed
really strong stuff
all comes from humbolt
have smoked since i was 13...but ya it just keeps me going i have a bad neck so it helps it relax
you probably wouldn't even know im stoned im pretty normal when i smoke
just helps me function
yep
ya you'll have to rub it for me baby
can rub it in the shower for me
aw that would be nice
aw true..we can take another one later that night if you want?
ya?:)
really wanna take one with me baby?
really? what else havn't you done
lol so what have you done bad girl?
lol i use to take my mom's car a year before i got my liscens
oh i got a big gun you can shoot
ha wow that sounded dirty im sorry
oh wow wait till you hold my AR 15
think of the gun the military has thats what it is 
thats my gun
lol yes
its single fire it can be fully auto but not in cali has to be single fire
you in a bikini with my gun in your arms now that would be hot
ya you'll love it its a nice gun, its 1500 dollars lol
yes its a mess dont want you to see it like this baby 
lol i know you wouldn't notice but i like the first impression to be the best
and yes your right i do want as much time as possible but if you came today id keep you all week and weekend:)
just waiting for it to cool down a bit then im gonna start cleaning plus i need to do laundry i have like no clean clothes!
lol aww u know you'd wanna stay:)
i know i know
slowly but surely you'll be able to finally just stay here for good
haha i just cleaned it too
was filthy
ive put about 100 rounds through it since ive owned it
or 150 rounds
rounds aren't real cheap so i dont get to shoot it that often though
um might get to let some rounds off this weekend we will see its hard to find rounds for it too
because its so popular
but you can hold it and click the bolt and click the trigger
in your bikini mmmmm
take a pic of you with it
so i can put that as my display pic on my phone :)
nope its my phone:)
who would know besides you and me?
would be hot baby
haha what do you mean?:)
hmm can't wait to see you in that
my jaw is gonna hit the floor
gonna do some sexy poses too?
lol no its for you and me only
its a personal thing
im not one to share
your mine:)
nah your beautiful to me:)
any pics of you i think are amazing
i think you so sexy 
your*
and so sweet
i couldn't ask for anything better im very happy your mine
no i like your legs
you have a great body to me
your beautiful baby
you truely are so pretty
:X
makes my heart skip a beat
your amazing...nothing i want more then you
gonna be mine forever baby?
never baby i promise
aw i can cook too
your sis leave u gonna make something?
aw baby
wish i was there with you
thinking of me?
aw ya?
thinking of you in your bikini holding my gun mmm so hot
haha k 
my arms are huge to hope you like muscles lol 
cuz ya my arms and my back muscles are big from cutting wood so much
ya?
hmm i wanna slide my hands ovre your body in your bikini too
yes baby
kiss you and slide my hands down to your ass
prob slide my hands under your bikini bottoms to grab your ass real good though
no never..id be gentle just grab it to help lift you higher to kiss you
what else would you like?
kiss you rneck while my hands slide into your bikini
ya? what would you do baby
hmm touching our tongues together would be so hot
hmm id lay you down on the couch
ya leather
real big
even have a big chair 
then slowly kiss down your body
while your in your bikini
aw ya?:) hehe
id slowly slide your tie off your top peice as i kiss your back and your neck
then once i got your top off id suck on your breasts while i look up at you showing you how much i want you
:x
makes my body tingle just thinking about you
made my mind wonder deep there lol
ya im here did you get my messages?
lol oh
ya you here what i wanted to do?
haha ya sorry went into depth about it
just like you a lot..so you can really tell
lol
ya:)
well you know now lol
its amazing we have talked for hours now too non stop
lol i know go eat something baby and il start cleaning
what?:)
no tell me:)
please baby?
:X
aw come on you can tell me baby 
i know you want too
oh i am gonna do a lot more then taht
thats just the start
hmm slide down kiss your tummy...and slowly go down to your bottoms untieing them
slowly slide them off kissing your thighs and your hips
really make your body tingle
hmm then id drag my tongue up your pussy really seeing how wet it is
looking up at you as i drag my tongue up it showing you how much i want you
you like that baby?
id open it up with my fingers so i could really get my tongue deep in there to taste it
aw i know baby we are gonna be up late nights playing
glad i can turn you on this much just over this imagine in person?
yep
nope i swear tomorrow
bad enough i gotta wait that long
want you now bad
\"x
:x
ya thats all we need is your sis to come home to me there sweetie:)
well since im coming to get you tomorrow il just wait as much as i wanna come today gotta conserve gas to since the price is recidulous, cuz i can't stay the night there
lol u wouldn't be able to hide me
plus you'd have a big smile on your face she'd be like why the hell you smiling so big:)
oh wow why so late?
oh ok, good to know, so you live with her?
ya understood, are you happy you came here now?:)
ya...well i want you here!!!!
i dont wanna lose you
ok good, cuz i dont want to ever
your lucky im not there now cuz im throbbing for you baby
cuz...we'd be up all night baby
thats how bad i want you
haha, only because i know tomorrow im picking you up to come stay the night 
id be so deep in you baby you dont even know how much im thinking about you right now
aw i know sweetie
i hope im worth it
bet your wet for me too huh baby?
lol aww
i know:(
makin me sad im not there
its crazy how strong of a connection we have i love it
i feel so lucky that i found you
keep it up baby and il ask you to marry me when your 18;)
lol i know i was just trying to make you laugh:)
lol nope instead i get to clean house boo;(
ok want me to leave this on?
or just get on in a little while?
il hop off and hop back on about 7:30 ok?
gonna clean kitchen living room and start laundry 
gonna miss you baby
talk to you in a bit:) if you need to get ahold of me 805-610-0556
hey
you there?
:(
aw i thought you wern't gonna come back
ok good
had me worried lol
what are you doing silly
and your gone
lol
its ok
:)
so did you miss me?
lol well i was here waiting for you silly so obviously:P
so what are you doing now that you go the house to yourself
lol aww rub it in:) im just about to go clean some more
blah hate cleaning:)
hehe wish you were here instead!
haha, dont make me send you to my room:) lol jk
lol give you a spanking
haha
lol silly
what am i gonna do with you
haha
tell me
:P
lol!
aw why what you wearing?
oh nice, short shorts?
oh ok good:)
shorts and a shirt:)
no more running around in boxers haha
busy sweetie?:)
oh ok want me to let you two chat sweetie? and i can keep working on the house?
oh ok want me to let you two chat sweetie? and i can keep working on the house
oh ok want me to let you two chat sweetie? and i can keep working on the house
its ok baby think of me
its ok baby think of me
aw what you mean?
aw what you mean?
oh because you left ventura
oh because you left ventura
but did you tell her you atleast found someone here that cares about you
but did you tell her you atleast found someone here that cares about you
you think she would be happy for you to get away from all that
you think she would be happy for you to get away from all that
ah ya im sure thats hard..but maybe when she can she can come this way and get away too
ah ya im sure thats hard..but maybe when she can she can come this way and get away too
she shouldnt rezent you for it..she should understand that its a big step...and be there for ya as much as she can
she shouldnt rezent you for it..she should understand that its a big step...and be there for ya as much as she can
im really happy your here to be honest
and outa all that
im really happy your here to be honest
last thing i want is anything to happen to you
and outa all that
last thing i want is anything to happen to you
muah
muah
aww..id hold you tight baby
aww..id hold you tight baby
you know it too
kiss you hold you love you
you know it too
kiss you hold you love you
:x
:x
what you thinking darling
what you thinking darling
hate seeing you unhappy sorry your friend made you upset baby
hate seeing you unhappy sorry your friend made you upset baby
i know just feel bad want you to be happy
i know just feel bad want you to be happy
aw well you wont move awy from me right?
aw well you wont move awy from me right?
i know you care about me to much to do that
i know you care about me to much to do that
u leave?
u leave?
and from what you said it was like you needed to get away from there if you wanted to be able to live a normal life
and from what you said it was like you needed to get away from there if you wanted to be able to live a normal life
well no..life is rough even for me and im 27
but you'll make it..your smart
well no..life is rough even for me and im 27
and i am here for support
but you'll make it..your smart
and i am here for support
i care about you a lot
want you to know that
i care about you a lot
want you to know that
lol 
lol 
good i want you to feel like someone here cares about you and is always here for you because i am
good i want you to feel like someone here cares about you and is always here for you because i am
ah house is almost all clean:)
ah house is almost all clean:)
busy still sweetie?
busy still sweetie?
ah she still mad?
ah she still mad?
ah i c ok
ah i c ok
just about to smoke a bowl
just about to smoke a bowl
aw why
aw why
your gonna get to tomorrow:)
your gonna get to tomorrow:)
i know but you will tomorrow
and hold a big gun
i know but you will tomorrow
and hold a big gun
ya?:)
i bet i will make u smile real big tomorrow too;)
ya?:)
i bet i will make u smile real big tomorrow too;)
the things i wanna do
the things i wanna do
hmm i told you earlier some sweetie
hmm i told you earlier some sweetie
theres lots...can't wait to actually slide inside you for the first time
theres lots...can't wait to actually slide inside you for the first time
to hear you moan from it would be so hot
to hear you moan from it would be so hot
theres lots sweetie, i keep even looking at your pics just thinking about you
theres lots sweetie, i keep even looking at your pics just thinking about you
glide my hands gently all over your body making you tingle
glide my hands gently all over your body making you tingle
:) well leastyou dont have to whine about your bf
:) well leastyou dont have to whine about your bf
i hope you never do:)
do*
i hope you never do:)
do*
i want you bad baby
i want you bad baby
haha no:) bad girl hehe
haha no:) bad girl hehe
hehe oh ya?
hehe oh ya?
haha, bad girl go to my room
haha, bad girl go to my room
haha
hmmm
fiesty tonight
haha
hmmm
fiesty tonight
lol i like that
lol i like that
still busy with your friend sweetie/
still busy with your friend sweetie/
its ok:(
its ok:(
just miss talking to ya
just miss talking to ya
but i know its your best friend so i understand baby
but i know its your best friend so i understand baby
so whats on your mind baby
bored of me lol
so whats on your mind baby
bored of me lol
:(
:(
whats wrong?
whats wrong?
ya
ya
oh ok haha:)
oh ok haha:)
silly goose
silly goose
same here just finishing laundry
thinking about you
wish you were here now
same here just finishing laundry
thinking about you
wish you were here now
um hmm what do you have?
um hmm what do you have?
:)
:)
lol whatever is compfy sweetie
lol whatever is compfy sweetie
ya?:)
then a bikini hehe
ya?:)
then a bikini hehe
you falling asleep over there?
you falling asleep over there?
lol
kinky baby
lol
kinky baby
hehe
that would be fun
hehe
that would be fun
getting close to almost tomorrow
you excited lol
getting close to almost tomorrow
you excited lol
haha
your lucky im not there you'd be all passed out
haha
your lucky im not there you'd be all passed out
gonna spank you baby
gonna spank you baby
you pass out again lol
you pass out again lol
ok guess so wel im heading to bed sweetie
hey its ok baby
just wanted to come on before i went to work to check
aw its ok you owe me today hehe
ya?:)
hmmm
:)
haha just trying to think of something good:)
hmmm i want you bad:)
um i should be back online around 5 i think grandpa is leaving either this evening or tomorrow so gonna help him get things situated
but you can text me anytime i dont mind:)
serious i even had a dream about you
naughty dream
you were in your bikini lol
you showed up at my house...said you wanted to stay with me it was cute
your always cute baby
im glad your mine
the things we are gonna do tonight
ok good
we are gonna be up late;)
lol mmhmm sure
ok baby
alright think of me
muah
Hey baby 
Hot sweaty lol you? 
Ya out working in this sucks 
Aw what u thinking? 
Aw your so Sweet baby 
Want you bad 
Took a water break 
Needed one 
Keep thinking of you in your bikini 
Haha I can't wait 
Ya? Wonder how long that bikini will last on you 
Prob not long 
Hehe ya true that will be fun then il slide that bikini off 
Kiss your neck then go down suck on your breasts as my hand slides down into your inner thighs 
Haha what? 
Mmm ya turning you on huh? :) 
Ya?  What u wanna do baby? 
Ya? Slide inside you from behind in the shower? 
Eating sandwich, hmm ya?  U gonna let me slide in you deep from behind in the shower baby? 
Ya 
Gonna be tight but we can do it 
Ok 
Nice 
Can't wait to see you 
Ya 
Oh ya how come? 
Lol yep tell me baby 
Ya? Can u handle me inside you that long? :) 
Hmmm all night? 
Hehe ya after I cum we can stop for a bit before we go again if you want 
I cum a lot too 
Where do you want it? 
You on bc? 
Haha uh Ohhh 
We gotta be careful because ya I get messy hope u like cum 
Ya 
Hopefully after I'm home and showered around 5 to 5 il head out how far are you? 
No sorry I meant after I'm home and ready where am I going darling? 
Hey sorry working baby 
Oh ok you googled paso Robles and it said an hour? 
Ok so you take the orcutt exit? 
Ok well here is my address put it in for me tell me directions  
Not yet sweetie miss me? 
Lol what? 
Lol Ohhh I get it sorry lil 
So I gotta call my mom guess she is Coming into town tomorrow ugh of course :( but I'm staying at my grandpas tomorrow night wanna just stay there with me 
? We would have the whole house to ourselves we could ride quad shoot guns everything? 
That's if she is Coming im gonna call her right now 
Grr of course she has to come this weekend fuck!  She's only gonna come out in the afternoon to shoot then u can just come stay with me at my grandpas tom 
orrow ugh I'm sorry baby god now I'm upset this sucks I wanna spend time with you 
So tomorrow I can come get you after she leaves is that ok? :( my mom is coming into town tonight and she is Coming over to shoot tomorrow so after she l 
eaves I can come get you to stay with me at my grandpas while he's outta town? 
We can shoot and ride the quad and the razor around would be fun 4 bedrooms house to ourselves 
I would but I have to be at my grandpas at 7 am cuz he's outa town :( but I promise tomorrow your mine I don't care who comes into town if it wasn't my mo 
m I would just say fuck it because I like you a lot I'm kinda upset that my moms Cominmg to town even though I havnt seen her in a while 
:( I am not I really like you now I'm sad you don't believe me I really swear to come get you tomorrow I want you to believe me :( 
I have never cared for someone like I do you I wish u could understand that I'm not playing with your head I really am going to come get you 
I knew you were gonna be upset and I am too, but I can't just not see her she is family and family is first but you are a top priority and il proove that 
to you tomorrow if you give me that chance 
:( ya tell me about it cleaned my house for nothing sorry I know u hate me I wish u would believe me because I am always honest with you 
To make it up to you I was gonna gete on cam for you Atleast to show you I care 
No she isn't Coming here? She's gonna go to my grandpas and shoot, then leavee 5:$0 PM
No he moved stuff to storage my step grandma passed away 
Couple months ago of cancer sorry didn't really wanna get into it since u were fighting with your friend 
Last night 
Ya she is Coming to town tonight and meetingn up with me tomorrow at my grandpas sorry hard to explain on text I feel like I'm confusing you 
My grandpa is leaving late tonight up north to see his brother, and I'm watching the dogs and the cat, my mom comes to town tonight and will come to his 
house tomorrow to meet me then after she leaves I'm gonna come get you 
I really hope it's ok, you don't know how much I really wanna spend time with you and I figure there we'd have more to do then my house he olso has a jac 
uzzi bath tub :) 
No I am taking care of dogs in am and she is Coming over there is what I meant so I have to get up early, so if you came tonight you'd have to sit here a 
ll day til she left so instead I was gonna come get you when she leaves so that way I can spend all evening tomorrow and all day SUnday with you, know w 
hat I mean? 
Or do you wanna stay here during the day tomorrow? 
Cuz I can come get you just up to you if you wanna be stuck here without me at some point tomorrow for a few hours? 
See I don't want you mad I wanna do whatever I can to make you happy 
Ok then did you get me directions baby? 
Yes I am 
gotta shower shaving now 
I am tonight baby we will shower again 
Ok *edited directions* 
Ok then? 
Ok 
Still gotta shower and do a few things prob will leave around 7 mm ya make that body nice and smooth for me k? 
Mmm even that pussy baby? 
Mmm ok 
Gonna head out soon promise it's gonna be easy to find you? 
Lol ok good cuz I don't wanna get lost that far out 
Ok baby gonna head out soon sucks I have no condoms either baby 
I can on our way back I guess :) 
I'm heading out now 
You excited? 
Lol passing atascadero 
K 
By nipimo 
Almost to Santa maria 
In Santa Maria 
Think I'm here 
At 345 in car 
Where are you? 
Ok I'm parked out front 
No in driveway 
Just in my car hurry up silly had me rush lol and your not ready 
K in driveway 
... ? 
Still in car... Tried knocking door is open? 
Ok where do I go from there 
Come to door please 
