do u know who anna leda is?
is my younger sis, she still lives out there in the falls
24/m/waukesha,... relax not hittin on ya, ur from the falls, same age as my sis, was just wondering if ya knew her 
its been years since i been out there in the falls
its a party town, always had some wild ones out there
when i was 14, i was expelled for the sec time from junior high 
caught with pot on school grounds
yeppers 
the part they found they kept
i didnt vring all my stash to school
bring
now i thinkin bout it, anna a year older then u, u might know jeol, or my cousin rebecca
ahhh ok,.. i was gonna say, its still a small town, everyone knows everybody
i been there,... is very diff
i dont see either of my folks, 
there dead beats, pops i think may be in prison, and my mas is just crazy
i am over it, its been almost 10 yrs since i talked to em
drugs and younger girls 
y my pops in prison
dont know, rumor has it like 15 yrs... but my older sis in texas told me, and she a crack head and talks a lot of shit, so i dont know if any of it is true 
i have a few of em 
they take me as i come, or not at all,... so if they care, they dont say nothin to me bout it,.. besides makes it fun, they compete with eachother 
i not a player, i just dont want to be tied down, like to have my freedom. and i dont lie to them, they know i see other women, and they seem ok with it
y u sittin at home on a sat night? 
y not go to one of the bowling alleys? kreugers was always a big hangout
the falls has 2 bowling alleys, b4 i left that was where we used to hook up at, then go from there
above average, scores around 150- 160
u try to hard,... thats ur prob
when u throw tha ball, dont think bout nuthin, and keep ur eye on the front pin
no probs
i live right across the street from a alley, i go there weekly 
its nice i can drink all i want, dont have to worrie bout driven home, just have to walk across the street and enter my apart parking lot
i did too when i was young, some with sour apple pukers
now i drink my MGD, jack daniells, and brandy
its a taste that grows on u when u get oldder
i hated it till i was bout 19
ok, i guess i shoulda used diff words
that lil smily dude looks like he j/o
rollin on the floor like that
yea i know, used to be one of my favs
now i use this one a lot,...
the  is better though
it works good to get rid of the freaks 
lol
then showing my cat on cam pisses the cyber freaks off,... 
no she a lil sweaty 
no i go into chat rooms, and say i showing pussy on cam, and have my cam pointed at my cat,... and the cyber-freaks get dissappointed and pissed off
yea its always good for a laugh
socks dont like the hate ims though
socks my kittys name
she is bout 10 months now
her name fits her good, looks like she wearing socks on her paws, and she loves sleeping in my sock drawer
she a brown and grey tabby, with a white chest and white feet
shes a girl
i saved her from a mean pet store, she was the last one of the litter sold, so the fuckers put her in a gerbal cage to make room for a new litter of kittens,... took me weeks to break her of playing in her liter box 
yea she spoiled now,... i jealous of her at times, sleeps all day, plays all night, gets petted all the time,... my gfs treat her better then me at times
and then she can be a dork, at times she goes nuts, and makes me fall over laughin
yea, but she likes rubber bands, hair ties, milk carton rings, and other weird things better then most of her toys
and she found this ugly mint green hand towel that a ex left here, she carries that thing around with her,...
then when i plan to wash the damn thing, she will hide it from me. and when i get done doing the wash, she will bring it out and put it right on top of the clean laundry
yea, w/e said cats r dumb never had one,....
she learned how to slide the window open, and opens it like all the time
i wake up in the middle of the night cold as hell and here she is sleeping in the window
no she scared of being outside, i put her out one day, and she ran right back inside
no she a short hair cat
and i give her a lot of tuna fish, and that helps her not to shed so much
its what the vet told me when i took her in to get fixxed and her front claws removed 
yep
ur ma kinda strict i take it
she must go out a lot
u the only child, or u stuck babysittin lots? 
lucky u, with my pops in and out of lock up, i always had to babysit, mas would always go out 
yea i member thos days
i used to sneak out and steal the car all the time
my pops did a few times
mas did do much dope, so she sleep right threw it
what were u doin when she came home early?
ouch, she freaked out
grounding never worked with me, i just laugh and walk out 
its not a prob, i not a freak, 
ur score dont matter just as long as u have fun
yea i can add ya
u must got 2 go?
ok
u online a lot?
yea i am
my lap top is always logged on, only when i am at work is it off
mon-fri 6 am to 230pm 
yea my job is a blast, i play with fire 3x a week, and the rest of the time i fuck off and milk the clock 
well actually i work in a foundry and melt metal and pour the molten metal into sand molds
but it is fun and i do play with fire
i used to, i sold my last bike to help a gf out of some debt she got herself into
then i got hurt at work, was laid out in bed for a few months, went broke, now i tryin to get caught up again 
droped a casting on my foot, and broke it in 3 places
castings r what our finished probuct is at work, its when the molten metal cools and the sand mold is broken away
u can break ur arm, or a leg, but dont break ur foot, takes 4ever to heal, and hurts like hell
yea, day-time tv was the worse part, nutin but soaps on
yes they suck
i rather stay up all night and watch the info-mersial then soaps 
but now things r cool again, foots finally better and i back to work haven fun
now i just got to get a few over due bills payed, buy a new car, and a new bike, and i will be happy
i use my room mates car sometimes, my car got stolen on new years eve
i had a ex from ky wv area, she was always deppressed
she was a cutter too, would drive me nuts
she would cut herself and watch herself bleed 
cuz she was nuts i guess
i gave up on her, and broke up with her, couldnt take it
knew that one day i show up at her apartmen and she be dead or somethin
my ma was fucked in the head, so i not gonna have a gf that is fucked in the head too 
i dont understand y ppl live there lives so shitty, if it suxs then change it
i grew up in a drug infested, wife-beating, ahild abuseing home, and one day i got sick of all the shit and left. never gone back. its easy to make changes 
child not ahild
yea its sad, but u cant choose ur family. the way i see it, u either have to put up with it, or get out of it, and i choosed to get out 
at least ur get privacy, i never did
thats where u have friends to help out
yea i bet
thxs
yea i should be
besides bowling what r u into? what things do u do?
ok
bet u cant wait till summer then
what kind of click u hang with? jocks, preps, goths, etc.?
ok
ok
sounds good
hey,.. whats up?
good,... thx, and u?
was a lazy day,... spent most of it sleepin
which one?
yea that be the closest mall to u
i need to go there tomm and pay my cable bill
i have everything, 
except the movie channel, never anything good on so i canceled it
u have digital, or just basic cable?
i bought a pirate filter so i get everything w/o haveing to pay for it all
yea comes in handy
yea ur to young to have bills to pay
babysittin dont pay well, 
there a few places u could prob get work at
like the bar and grill off of main street, they always need wait staff
its more then a bar, its a resturant too
relax is cool, i understand ya fine
u deal with the cops out there yet?
just asking,... ur lucky, they big assholes out there 
what ur plans for the week?
bet it will be
ur go to north or east for school
?
they still have that stupid stereo room downstairs by the locer rooms?
i dont know what it was called, but they used to play modern music after lunch for the freshman class, it was in a class room near the gym locker rooms
they musta stopped that then
sometimes i do
ur kinda quite 2nite
is ok, no need 4 srys
dont know
working and no new plans yet
yeppers
its jared
hi jerri
yes i like it
not sure yet
food focus i think
ford
most of the cars i buy r sporty
no i was on the phone
i was just lettin u know
but i off the phone now, 
i wouldnt say that, she is more like a possible futcher gf
but i not sure yet
she kinda the dumb blond type, i dont like that type to much
yea i know, i saw ur pic on ur pro, but i didnt mean hair color, i mean she not all that smart
she more tits, no brains
ur pro says ur single, r u? 
i surprised u dont have one now, if that pic on ur pro is u, ur a lil hottie
then with ur mas being gone alot, is a added plus for any guy
i think i a lil to old for u doll, 
i used to work out, but since i got hurt at work i kinda got lazy
i never said u were a kid, but i am 10 yrs older then u 
yea i know what u mean, 
but hooking up with a guy my age would ruin ur highschool dateing experience )That's all he's worried about, even tho he is not hitting on me)
well that suxs
what makes them so dumb?
ok
then all they think about is gettin in ur pants
the goofiness is part of the age, i was that way at 14
i grew out of it, learned how to relax
the prob is they r nervous, dont know what to talk bout, so they act like clowns
i dont think u r, i think ur more the serious type
being a clown and haven fun is different
what all goes on at ur parties?
lot of ppl, or just a few 
those got 2 sux
so u guys just drink, no weed, no cigs?
ur smart bout the cigs, the only habbit i cant give up
last i heard, weed wasnt a big thing out there anymore, coke kinda took over, is it still that way?
dont try, it'll fuck ur life up bad
weed is ok, i see nothing wrong with it, i dont do it anymore, all i do now is drink and smoke my kools
extacy is fun, but is something u got 2 b careful with
u sexually active yet? cuz if not, then dont try it till ur ok with sex
well ex makes u horny as hell, and makes sex a lot better
u really havent had enough experience with sex to know how good it can be though 
with girls it does hurt first few times
thats good
i have more then one gf, its more like 4 
i dont know if i could have sex with u, the age issuie 
no i not, but ur under 18, worse yet ur under 16 and can put me away for like 20 yrs 
i dont know doll, to many ways things can go wrong
thx, but i think ur cuter
do u have a cam?
is ok, i was just asking
i kinda curious if the pic on ur pro is really u 
well u know how ppl can be over the net, its not that hard to download a pic off the net and past it to ur pro 
ok
u cant blaime me for being curious
thats claire, she a close friend of mine that lives in england, she comes here a few times a year and we hook up
but that pic i down loaded from her website
shes a singer bout to go pro 
yea, i think she gonna be better the spears or simpson
her agent in england is the same as spears
she very good
i guess she has talked to her a few times, but they not all that close 
i guess, i dont care for spears to much
but think about that, does that really matter?
i will admite that would be nice
but not being able to go outside ur home will sux
fans attacking u, when all u want to do is go shopping
i used to be a model, i didnt care for it, the money wasnt worth it
that pic right there is a pro pic
was in a esquire mag for tommy hilfinger ad 
i applied for a cool water ad, but they wanted me to cut my hair, i told them to fuck off 
dont worrie i wont
i have my own style, mtv and calvin klien have no influence on me 
ok, u be on again soon?
ahh, i will be if u want me 2
like wut time?
ok, i will be here 
night doll
9 on the dot
good, and u?
just ok?
no i didnt get a chance to go
was a rough day at work, and was to tired to go
no, i didnt sleep for shit lastnite, so was tired all day
its that way at times
yea i did at work, and after work
its one of the perks being the leadman
yea kinda
in about a yr or so i will be transfering to third shift to be the shift suppervisor
yea cant wait, 
i will make more, but i will be on salary, so its cool
its funny, all through hs, i was told i would never get away with sleeping at work like i did at school,...
now i sleep more at work then i ever did in school 
yea, shows what those bastards knew
once i am on salary, i can go home and sleep, instead of hideing in my office )Hey BOSS!!!!)
i never thought of it that way
any idea on what ur gonna do for work?
u might want to change ur ideas then
or u can be a pet doc, less blood 
u have any?
i more of a cat person, lot less work to take care of 
thats a pic of my kitty 
yep she my lil baby
yea thats my bed
waterbeds r cumfy
there nice, the only bed i will ever own is a waterbed
cant sleep on anything else, i feel the springs 
is ok
most times when i go to motels or even stay at one of my gfs, i have to sleep on the floor. i guess i to sencetive 
yea, but i dont feel any hard metal springs pushing into my back
air beds r ok though, i can sleep on them
u'll love watedbeds then, u sink right into them
u dont have one?
i have to comforters, and like 3 fleece blankets
sry meant 2 comforters
i like my beds warm too, i keep my waterbed heater at 80
u ok?
oh
nutin, watchin a movie
its called the hole
its a british movie on showtime
i seen it a few times now
its pretty good
its about 4 brit brats that get locked in a ww2 bomb shelter, and 3 of the 4 end up dieing
the one that didnt die is the one that locked them inside the bunker
she was sick in the head
its the only thing on right now, that y i am watching it again
i tired of wwe, its gettin boreing again, most monday nites i will watch that, but 2nite it suxs
what r u doing?
ur quite 2nite
how long she gonna be gone? 
sounds like u'll have fun
well y wouldnt u?
then there no need for hope
my lips r sealed, besides who will i tell?
yea
i waitin for friday
goin up to rio wi with a gf
i have no clue what she has planed, all i know she said i have no choice, i just better be ready when she comes to pick me up
yea but i will get one over on her, i wont be ready at all... lol 
shit i gonna still be wearing my work cloths
she hates the smell of my job
yeppers
saturday
just going up for the night
i guess
i dont think i will be with her much longer
u said it,... she to bossy and bitchy
i workin on it
i have to give her the fix, make it so that she will never come back lookin for me 
make her hate me
she one of those miss know it alls,... all i have to do is show her how lil she knows and thats that
the only reason y i going with her to rio is i kinda curious what she has planned
rio is a lil hick town in the middle of nowhere
i broke plans with her in the past, that dont work
twice i wasnt even home when she showed up. she sat here waiting for me both times
thats what i thought
y u so quite?
bout what?
thinking bout them is just gonna make u feel worse
I know this sounds cold, but 4get bout ur friends back in ky, hangout with the ones u got here and move on
there nothin worng with that
all u need in life is a few close friends, a good job, and nice home. u have that, and u have happiness
and get a cat, cats r awesome, when ever ur down in the dumps, they r always there to make u laugh
my cats the best, there not a day that goes by that she dont make me almost fall over laughing
yea and she knows it to,... thats y she gets away with doin all the things she knows she shouldnt do
i go to yell at her, then she does something so goofy, i cant stay mad at her
lastnite i caught her on the kitchen table, started to yell at her, she takes off runnin into the bathroom, knocks the shower curtain down ontop of her. then she gets stuck under the damn thing. then she pops her head out with the funniest look on her face.
something wrong with her to, she likes jumping into the shower all the time. and it dont matter if the water is running or not. she just loves it
mine will sit with the water just soaking her, she dont care
but she dont like it when the tub is full of water
u sure ur ok?
is ok
i'll talk to u latter
nye
bye
r u gonna be online 2nite?
k guess u not online when ur ma not around
hey u, where have u been doll?
i duno, alright
she catch ya with a party?
yea i had a bad few days at work, and its not gonna get any better 
with the weather gettin warmer, means its gettin hotter in my shop, and we r way behind in orders, so i gonna have to spend more time at work in a hell like heat
yea and its only mid april, come july i be lucky if i dont have heat stroke by 10 am
yea i go through bout a half gallon a day at work
july i will be up to almost 2 gallons
nope
actually i dont, i sweat it out
she had to work overtime so we couldnt go
i was hopin u were gonna be online on wednesday, i was gonna go out to the falls thursday, 
what day did ur ma get back at?
she got back way early, u were saying she wasnt comein back till friday
dont know
when the next time ur ma leaven? 
i prob can
w/e u want, be ur choice
u'll have somethin to think about
dont be nervous, no need for it
me and the falls cops dont get along to well, so w/e we do, we got to keep away from them 
what area of the falls u in?
ok, so the far north area
whats all out there by u, besides the free way?
lil ways past piggly wiggly?
right in down town, near george webbs
like a block from ur school
ok
u there?
ok
maybe
i was just thinkin that 
yea i know what ya mean
u want my # now?
408-2211
k
anytime after 3
u dont have to be nervous
i just ur ordinary average guy, nothin speacial
but that dont give u any reason to be nervous
u nervous talking to me now?
then u shouldnt be when we talk tomm
just hang out i guess, 
if u want to go out do somethin we can
well i want u to have a good time
dont know yet
u talk bout things like that b4 it happens, it kinda ruins the moment
u said u like bouling right
?
ok maybe we will go do that
from wht u look like in ur pic, i dont think i will be pay attention to bouling though 
i know its a lil dark, i would fix that, but i need buy more lamps
ok, then i will leave it as is
i think i have another light in my closet
my kitty goin after a fly 
shes a goof
she did more then just catch it, she got a lil snack from it
i dont need a venus fly trap with her around
ok thats better
yeppers peppers 
if bouling not work out, any movies u want to see?
yea i like goin to see movies
horror, action like movies
some r ok, but few make me laugh
kagaroo jack, made me fall on the floor
same with rat race
theres a newer theater over by kohl's, that one they built after i moved
from what i heard its a good theater
r u gonna want me to pick anything up for u?
yea i can do that
it will prob help u to relax some to
lol
if that what u want, i'm game 
with me driven, i wont be partyin all that hard
sounds good
and if i do kiss u, and i going to far for comfurt, all u got to do is tell me to stop, and i will 
i been told i was a good kisser 
i will teach u how to be
lol
thx\
ok, call me tomm
nite nite doll
i thought u were gonna call me.... did u 4get or something?
i thought u were gonna call me.... did u 4get or something?
yea i am here now
hi back
no, just thought u 4got
yea i thought that was what happend
was ok, kinda was a long day
how was ur day?
y u waitin for friday to be over with?
yea i feel the same bout work
yea 2day was nice that way
u know anymore on when ur ma will be gone? 
i wouldnt do that, she may get curious 
ok
u ever try sminoff ice?
its kinda taste like 50/50 soda
but has a lil more kick to it then koolers
a 6 pack will do much more to u then koolers
u ever had zimma?
gee girl u r a underweight 
what have u all had?
that u like
yea thats wiskey
how bout apple or stawberry puckers?
yea i know its a diff name
its a booze most girls like
i know what u mean, i trying to think on what to pick up for u, that wont get u to messed up
koolers r to weak
no i wont let u fall, i dont think i will let u get drunk
get buzzed is ok, but gettin drunk isnt
u always want to keep urself in control
when u get drunk the booze takes over, and that when u do things u norm wouldnt
yea i member those fun days, but there more bad days then fun days for me
yea i bet u will,... lol
probly, y u asking?
that cuz u keep worrying about if i gonna kiss u or not
u need to relax some, and just have fun, not worrie bout things
cuz yea, i prob gonna kiss u
and if i do kiss u, i will do it by surprise
yea but, u wont know when i will kiss u
u gonna have some of ur friends over when we meet?
ok good
i just worrie bout to many ppl knowing things 
ok
yea thats a good thing
ur ma will prob flip
again? what happen b4?
y not?
how old was he?
yea she will deff flip about me
yea that prob for the best
yea, but somethings parents flip out over the wrong things
drinking isnt so bad when its done at home
it be diffirent if u were going out and getten shit faced all the time, but at home where its safe is nothin wrong
true true
i think i will wait to buy anything till after i meet u though
i think i will bring by a dvd
so i know what type of person u r, and get the right stuff
and i want to see how nervous u r, cuz if ur too nercvous, i wont get anything to strong
yea i know
i kinda impatent to
k good
no its 262, not 414
is ok
yea i thought u would like that
whatcha doin?
pepsi
i love my pepst
pspsi
is the only soda i drink
u gone quite now
i dont know, what u want to do?
ok
what else?
no need to blush
i 4get what its called, its a old movie
its called falling down with michel douglas
its on hbo
ur not online all that much, ur ma limite u on how long u can be online?
ok
ok
last week when ur ma was gone u werent on at all
ok
my lap top is always online most times i just invisable
they nice, but have limited space
i like it cuz i can move it around my apartment
what kind internet connection r u on?
i have a room mate
dial up suxs, i hated it
i have roadrunner now
u got that right
my roommate is old, i think he going on 51, but he is cool, first roommate i had that payed his half of the rent on time
yea
but i have fun with him, he dont act like a 51 yr old
if he ansers the phone when u call, dont take it personal if he teases u a lil
he teases ever1
he thinks it funny i have girls callin all the time, he wants me to set him up with someone 
nope, how can u set some1 up that is 51 and a lil over weight
yeppers peppers
i need to get u a web cam
and they easy to hide in case ur mom will flip
and they easy to hook up, all u need to do is plug them in
yes i can
damn cat talkin in her sleep,...
u want me to show her to u? i can move the cam 
k
yes she is, i can zoom the cam in so u can see her better
dammit its all blury
she my lil baby
ever1 does
i had 5 cats so far in my life and she is my fav out of all of them
yes i will be here
sounds good, cant wait
nite nite doll
i hope ur able to call me 2day
i hope ur able to call me 2day
hey there sexxy
doin good, nd u?
was a long tirereing day
no not really, i kinda fucked off most of the day,... stayed up to late is all
got home, showered, took a nap, and now i am all good
yeppers peppers
i smell like vanilla
i love em, have candles and vanilla sented oil all over my apartment
yep
in november
i a scorpio
what funny?
ok
how was ur day?
it happens
ut online kinda early 2day
yr
dam typist gonna get fired 2day,...lol
its a joke
i the typist
ok
i wish u could call me
ok good
u good at back rubs? 
yes i do, my back hurts a lil
good 
well i am glad that u will give me one
u would, most girls not care to
well i am glad
whatch doin?
what u readin?
ok
no not really, jealousy is a why bother thing with me
i do know how to have fun
i hope so
u see the movie \"angle eyes\", with jennifer lopez?
ok good, i think i gonna bring that movie when we meet
its a chick flick, but i like it
but i think i will be watching u more then the movie 
how tall r u?
ok, i am about 5-7 5-8
nope, i just sittin here chattin to u
and readin emails
yea i a lil impaitent to
yea i will
jim seldom answers the phone 
but yea i been waiting for u to call me
i worrie ur a cop, tryin to set me up or something 
there cops willing to bust ppl for anything these days, and talking to u bout booze and stuff is enough for me to get in trouble 
ok
yea they make things difficult
ok good, 
yea i know, and i cant call u cuz i dont sound like a teenage boy
yea i bet
ok cant wait
is ok, i was worried i got u in trouble
she didnt go to the store for long
yea i cant help ya there
she sleepin somewhere i think, she been in a lovey mood 2day, she finally leavin me alone
yea she is, she so funny to
i not gonna beable to call her a kitten much longer though
alot of her fav lil hidy holes she cant fit in anymore
prob fat cat
nope, she can only hide in the closet, shower, and under the bed now, all the other places she used to go she cant fit
yea i dont understand the shower, she likes going in the shower right after u get out of it
no not really, i think she just likes sittin in there
when its raining outside, she'll go out on my balcony. when the rain hits her, she gets this pissed off look on her face, and she looks up at the sky rying to see where the water is comeing from 
lightning flashes r funny to, first she will be pissed, then she sees the flash, and get a courious look, tries to stretch her neck over the railing. looking for more lightning
yea she loves it
if the weather is nice, i open the balcony doors and let her come and go as she pleases
no, she will have to jump about 13 feet to get to the ground. and cats not stupid, she wont jump
she can make that jump with no probs, its that she knows she cant get back up, that what stops her
she knows this is her home, she wont take a chance at loseing it
she is spoiled, and she knows it
i am a cat lover, so she gets away with all kinds of shit. i dont even yell at her anymore bout jumping on the kitchen table
lol
what does ur ma do that she has to leave for work a lot?
ok, i dont know y she would have to leave alot, unless she does onsite tech support
yea u get a break from her
nope not at all, 
y would i be mad at u, its not ur fault, i understand
no probs
yea i am sure of it
how many koolers did it take for u to get buzzed?
u must be under 100 lbs then, 
ok
smirnoff may be a lil strong for u
i still gonna bring it, but i think i will pick up a 6 pac instead of a 12 pac
4 gets me buzzed, and i have to drink like a shit load of koolers to get buzzed
ok
i just dont want u to get drunk and sick
ok good
i wont control u, i will let u drink all that u want
u should know when u had enough
its cuz ur more relaxed, and not worrieng bout things
i gonna have to go outside to smoke, wont i?
ok wont be a prob
no i will go outside, if ur ma dont smoke, a window open wont make a diff. she can still smell it
i hope the weather will be nice
yea i know
i saying that cuz i dont want u to be wearing alot of heavy clothes
right
i not picky, but i am a leg man, so if u can wear shorts, i'd like that 
or a skirt, just as long as i can see and feel ur legs i will be happy 
i am also a ass pincher, that something u prob want to be warned about
no not like that
not hard
i dont know, u'll see
i never was told i hurt any1 doing that
i more the gentel type, soft toucher
ok, then u prob wont have a problem
if i do anything u dont like, all u need to do is say so, and i will stop 
i like urs too, u didnt sound so young
u know what i meant
the girl i dated from ky, had one of those lil girl voices, kinda drove me nuts
it was real high pitched
no i like ur voice
i still try to figure out what area of the falls ur in
close to germantown?
what the closest store resturant or fast food joint by u?
i have no clue what area ur by, i never heard of fusscill
ok pizza hut, i think that is on appleton ave
ok, so ur near pilgram rd and appleton ave
the mill rd i remember is right next to a park, and is a few blocks from ur school
but i know that there is another mill rd
that must be the one ur on
but if ur close to pizza hut, u have a distance to get to if we were to meet at piggly wiggly
yea that prob be better, unless u know of something closer to ur house then that?
mc donalds is close to then too
ok
that area is where i didnt hang out that much 
i was always in the area by ur school
but i know appleton well
neither can i
ok, i just hope she dont come back early again. while i am there
ok
then will i have to take the emptys back with me, keep u from gettin busted?
ok that wont be a problem
ok, i hope we can talk more soon
nite nite doll
ok looks like ur not able to come online 2nite the more i think bout it, the more i want to meet u, and the more impatietnce i am gettin. hope we talk soon 
is ok not a prob
i
i am ok
how r u?
so what u been all up 2?
that musta been nice
whats wrong with it?
ok
just got out of the hopital 
breathed some bad shit at work
yea i am ok
all day yesterday, and most of 2day
i got payed for it, so i dont care
i was laying in a bubble thingy, put yeah
its like a tent, clear see through. filled with oxygen kept at high preassure
i been in them a few times b4, so it nothin to me
no i like my job, 
yeppers
ur quite 2nite
is ok
i dont know, kinda stuck on that one
so what did u and ur ma all do?
thats cool
sis u get to see ur da?
did
ok
u sure ur ok? it not like u to be this quite
bout what?
ok
will u give me more detail bout ur daydream?
lol
its more like a grab then a pinch
yeah
i dont know yet
i just dont know, it all depends on how u r i guess
i need to see how r u and act
the big thing that worries me is ur age 
ur age can get me in troubel though 
i know
it still something that worries me
it'll prob change after i meet u 
well if ur mature i prob wont worrie bout it
i think so too
ok good
i am bummed that we didnt meet up this week
but u got to see ur friends so its all good
how was the weather?
no i didnt go bowling
yeah it rained here too, was cold as well
wow, i would think it was warmer down there
ok
i wish this headache of mine would go away
dont worrie bout it, its only a small one
its more bothersome then painfull
yeah i do
u not have school?
i am needed,.. they cant afford for me to be gone for long
yea i will, it was the stupid mexicans fault for me breathing that shit yesterday
the fucker must be colorblind
or cant read
he gonna hear it from me come tomm.
he used the wrong stuff in the laddle, when i put heat on it, a toxic gas was relaesed, i breathed it in, and passed out from it
it shouldnt of happened, if he did his job right i would of been ok
normally i do all the repairs on the laddles and furnace, but wednesday i was at a diff shop, so he had to do it
and he fucked it up
yeah
what type of body do u have? 
petite, average, thick, heavey?
ok,..
i wanta know
whats that?
i never jump out of a airplane w/o a shoot, i dont have sex w/o a condom
and i not sure if i want to have sex with u or not 
i dont know what ur like yet
ok, its just i dont make sex dates on the net, right now i just want to meet, and we go from there
i hope so to, cuz i like u right now
i been waiting for u to come online
do u know when ur ma is gonna be gone next?
ok
when i went shopping last weekend, i bought u something
something u said that u luved
nope ur ganna have to guess, or wait
no its not a dog, but it smells good
vanilla candle
a big one
yea i know u told me
i saw it and thought of u right away
i still gotta get u a web cam though
yeah they have their uses
if i make it to best buy this weekend i will pick one of up for u
no probs
being nice is just me
i had a bunch of things i wanted to as u, but now i cant member any
yeah i know it suxs
anything u wanna ask me?
ok ask away
2 of them i not seeing anymore
and the other 2 r doin ok i guess
i havent talked to either of them in a few days
yep
y not?
ur jealous
lol
k
its ok, i figured so
yea i'm fine
ttyl doll
u really know how to make a guy wait 
i am here
i was in the other room, and just stayed invisable
so how u been?
i been just fine
yeah i had no probs, everything been fine
no need for worries, i am always ok
so what u all been up to?
thats cool
ok
i missed u to
i was wondering what happened to u
its a machine, breaks easy
y ur mom been home so much?
ok
u said u wanted to spend more time with her, so in a way its good
thats good
how things at school?
yeah i know
its still work, fired danny cuz of the shit the other week, training a new guy 
yeah
his replacement i not so sure about, i prob will be fireing him too soon, he kinda a dumb ass
not really, i just good at it
what did u do in ky?
ok
y try anything other then wine coolers yet?
why not?
i plan on bringing u something new
right
yes ma'am
just one of my saying, i coulda of said \"kid\", but that would prob piss u off so i said ma'am
yea so u told me a few times now
ur still gonna give me a back rub?
yea, kinda need one right now
u and me both
what is that?
yeah that i can do
is ur night, so what ever we plan it is all up to you
not always
i am open minded. so i am game for almost anything
so besides the dvd, and the drinks, what do u want to do?
ok then, all sounds
i been told i was, so i guess i am
my venus fly trap is on the prawl right now
my kitty cat, she chasing a fly or something
yeah she been very funny the past few days
yesterday she got pissed at the rain cuz it was getting her all wet
she was ok with it, i think she was haveing fun outside while it was raining
instead of looking scared, so looked more pissed and would try to hit the rain drops with her paws, 
yeah, she was dripping wet when i made her come inside, she didnt like me to much for that
she was so wet it looked like i put her in bath tub full fo water
lol
yeah u can say that
and she just caught the stupid fly and had a freash meal at the same time
yeah my venus fly trap
so u have no idea when we will beable to meet?
ok, i hope soon
i know one thing that u will be glad to hear,...
right now u dont have any reasons to be jealous
yeah
y do u think?
yeppers pepppers
i thought ud like that 
i was waiting for u to ask bout them, then i was gonna say what gf 
good
lol good
i dont think we will have any problems with that
right
have u been reading my horescopes at all?
i kinda figured u read them everytime that u can
ok
11-18 
its easy to member, is the same as mickey mouse
i to old for b-day present
its been yrs since i've gotten one
i love cakes
just baked one over the weekend
chocolate peanut butter thing
yea it was good, was gone in like 2days
honestly i gave up on the b-day wishes, 
i have like no clue
i cant even member the last time i even gotten a simple card
whats sad is how many times i hear friends say they will remember next yr, and somehow they always forget
we'll see
is more then 6 months away, so we'll have time to figure it out
u never told me ur b-day
ok, some reason that day is clicking in my mind
that and something else
i think i dated a girl in hs that was her b-day
but i not sure
so u were born in 90.
i feel like i robbing the craddle 
yeah i know it is
things would be a lot esaier if u were born in 89
u will be turning 16 and there lil that the law man could do
ur mom would get over it a lot sooner then the law would with me 
ok good
neither can i
ok
thats what we planned
and i can bring u ur candle
i still have it sitting on my nite stand
i know, that y i bought it for u
u dont have to light it right away if u dont want to
ok then
i am hopeing that i can get to best buy so i can get u a web cam too
i was gonna ask u about that
and yea the are easy to hide
ok
ok cant wait
nite nite
