how you doing today?
22/m/cincy.....am i too old for u?
cool
idk, i dont know u yet....age means nothing to me, sexy is sexy, fun is fun, and most importantly mature is mature...if u act older i see u as older
so u mature?
?
very cool
u have any more pics?
@-)  damn you are sexy
why no man?
well what kinda guys u like?
nice isnt very specific
well i havent been eliminated yet...lol
whats the oldest guy u have dated?
how long ago was that?
Nice to meet you Kelly.  I am Gary
:)
so what would u say your limit is as far as age you want your bf to be?
lol....may i ask why u like older?
cool
so tell me more about yourself
idk....interests, what u do for fun, anything u want to share....i am cool with anything and i mean anything
i know but there is a difference between me reading stuff and you actually telling me stuff....helps me get to know you more and helps us grow closer
lol
congrats on that
what does your mom and dad do for a living?
oh, so you got a smart family...thats good
and u live with your mom full time?
u ever been there?
yeah, i am from NY actually
brooklyn
u should have lots of fun
whats the biggest city u have been to?
how far away are u from cincy?
what city...i will look it uo
up*
or town
its ok....what about just a zip code?  i just want to get an idea how far away, its not like i am asking for your street address, i just want a general idea
no big deal if you dont want to though ,  i understand
yup....i go to cincinnati....almost done
how does the home schooling work?
my major is marketing, so there is a ton of ways i can go with that
lol...just watching all the crazy vids?  or do u post your own stuff?
k
may i add u as well Kelly?
i missed ya
u really seem like a fun woman...with a good head on your shoulders....thats very hard to find on here
so let me get this straight....
as far as school for you.....your mom just gives u work and you are suppose to just do it when you can and are all home alone every day?
but basically its just u alone working at your own pace and doing the work whenever u want?
damn i wish i was home schooled...lol
so do u get bored just sitting there alone all day or what do u do other then work to stay not bored?
wouldnt your friends be in school too though?
i see
well u sound perfect ....lol.....i do most of my work at night, so i have days and mornings free most of the time....which is exactly when your free it sounds like
well of course....i mean in general though
yeah but no bf
:D
may i ask something a little more personal?  if u dont want to answer thats fine
k
lol thats ok....i think its cute your addicted to it
lol, like family guy huh?  lol............alright, well my question was going to be i was curious on how much you have done with a guy before?  again if you dont want to ask u dont have to, but i like to be upfront and able to talk about anything with someone i want to get close to, so open and forward conversations help that.
did i lose u?
oh ok
didnt know if my question scared u off
oh ok....so i will give a bit to answer then and eat...lol
nice
in my profile yeah
dont run away too fast after seeing it...lol
i can show u the bigger version...or atleast it should come out bigger
alright
give me a sexc
sec*
sent
u must be drunk or something lol
so u could see yourself with someone like me even though i need to lose some weight?
u like heavier guys?
no the answer would be no then, u couldnt see yourself with someone like me....lol
so the answer**
well then maybe we can see if we can make something work then after we get to know each other a bit more
what would u want?
good friends?  friends with benefits?  a bf?  u just have some idea
well i maybe not be the cutiest guy as far as body or looks but i am definitely very nice and sweet
thanks....your pretty cool yourself
only issue would be the age
i dont have an issue with that but your parents or friends might........so if you wanted to see if something could work between us we would just have to keep it on the down low atleast for a while.  U know what i mean?
so u would be willing to do that?  not tell a soul and try to grow closer?
i just wouldnt want you or me to get in trouble....so i dont know if we could use the phone, and we would have to maybe meet somewhere close, not right at your house or whatever.  Someplace safer....but if your game i am sure we could work it out
whatever u wanted to really.....this is where u need to be upfront with me....obviously since i am older you need to set the rules or boundries
well we can drive a bit if we need to, so we can get to a place where there is something to do....we can go for walks, go eat, go to the movies, etc
find a park or something
u never answered my "personal question" though  lol
my question was going to be i was curious on how much you have done with a guy before?  again if you dont want to ask u dont have to, but i like to be upfront and able to talk about anything with someone i want to get close to, so open and forward conversations help that.
like how far have u gone?
just had sex once?
why just once?
so would that be something u would want to do or no?
u will see, i am not mean and will be very nice to you
what about oral stuff?
u like it or no?
i will be honest i love being intimate with my gf's.....off course i dont sleep around, or just date to do stuff like that, but i think it important to do stuff with each other like that, helps you feel close to each other
and its something that can be so so special
well i would be honored if i could share those stuff with u
intimate stuff
so what is this about your mom in april?
and your going to be there all alone?
for how long?
well just let me know what u wanna do.....if you arent too far away, we can always just plan out days you dont have much work and we can spend the day together having fun....then just leave before your mom gets back
sorta....lol....its a peice of junk van that i got for free from my grandma...lol....my parents arent rich so i am a poor college student till i get a job in june...lol....so i am just driving that around in the meantime till i finish college
gmc van
its a peice of junk
lol
its not red...but maybe my new car can be red for you
blue
yeah i have never been that bad....but the van comes in handy....can store a lot of stuff and its good for road trips....and even has a fold down back seat that can be a bed kinda thing
so if u ever feel the need to give me some smooches, we can head back there...lol
;)
:">
:-*
i will take those all day!
well anytime u want one dear, come and get it
so what u got planned for the weekend?
that sucks...what u have to clean?
:( that really sucks.....if we didnt have to sneak around i would come over and help
yeah
well i gotta get going...have one last class at 4:15.....i wish you the best this weekend with your cleaning if i dont talk to you.  And if you want you can always email me and tell me how your day is going at garycincinnati@yahoo.com and i will email you back as soon as i get it
definitely....and as far as the bf.gf thing....we can definitely do that.  You just let me know when you are free and i can check my schedule and maybe we can meet for a "date"  very soon
just let me know when is good for you
nope....u got a VERY GOOD bf now.  and i have an amazing gf who i look forward to getting to know better and better and sharing special times with
:-*
bye for now sweetie!
just wanted to say hi...hope the rest of your day went well.....i miss u.....talk to ya soon!
hey sexy...hows my girl doin?
lonely
very bored
hows your day goin?
what u been doing up till now today?
just watchin tv.....been a pretty slow day
so u happy to be my girl or u havin second thoughts?
i am very happy...cant wait to have you in my arms and give u a big hug and a kiss
:-*
:x
u given any thought to when u want to try to get together?
well like i said it doesnt have to be for an extended period of time....if u r close enough maybe i can just come down while she is at work one day or something and we can just chill during the day then i go back home before she gets back from work
:(
i am going to be out of town during those dates
my dad is having his 50th bday so i will be gone 11-16th
:(
this is terrible...i really want to see u
i cant miss his bday...u only turn 50 once
its sorta a big deal
i have to travel back to NC, and family is coming from all over the US to visit
since we are dating can u tell me your zip code now so i can see how far of a drive it is?
45247
u still dont trust me huh?
all u need is the zip....just go to yahoo maps and just click driving directions....it will ask for the addresses of both places but u can just put in your zip and my zip and it will give you an estimated time
what?
k
:D
see....so we can chill during the days somedays
well since u r only a short drive you can always just message me online when she leaves on a given day and then we can chill for a few hrs or whatever then i can go, way before any chance of her getting back
yup
like i said before since u r younger u have to pick that stuff, cause i dont want to make u uncomfortable
i dont want to disappoint you sweetie....i dont know if i can change the dates i am leaving or coming back
problem is i leave on the 11th and come back on the 16th....so i leave before your mom leaves and get back after your mom gets back
i wish i could but its not just me leaving...my brother is coming with me as well.....so i would be holding him up as well
so i thought we were keeping us between me and u?
u havent told anyone have u?
not even your best friend
good, lets keep it that way
so what time of day does your mom go to work?
are u awake when she leaves?
alright....what time u usually get up?
on average
alright....the earlier u get up the better then ....that way u can see when your mom goes to work....and after she leaves all u do is just message me on here and we will figure out where to meet and stuff and what to do
so that sounds like a plan?
alright...now we just gotta figure out what u wanna do when we meet
well u cant say it dont matter, your way to cute to leave it up to me, if u leave it up to me we will be smooching and touch all day...lol
u r really attractive
so what would u wanna do?
well told u what would happen if u say that...lol
so u would be fine with doing that?
u must be blind, but i wont complain
so how far u want to go with smoochin and touchin the first time we meet?
of course it will be with me....i just need to know your limits for the first time we meet, so i dont go further then u want to or are comfortable with
i dont know, just tell me what your thinking
tell me your wants, desires, fantasies
u dont fantasize about anything or doing certain things?  dont be shy, i like outgoing girls who tell me what they want
u can be blunt, i encourage it
i just want u to open up to me completely
lol whats funny about that?
well talk to me here
u shy around guys?
well no need to be shy or nervous around me...u already got me, i am yours.....so no need to try to impress me, just be yourself
u have any more pics other then the ones on your myspace?
what ya doin?
just watching some bball....who ya chattin with?
no one as cool as me though right?  lol
u looking for a different bf then?
good, cause i plan on making u really happy
:-*
well maybe we can make each other happy sooner then that...want to try to get together this next week sometime?
your mom home now?
:( i was going to suggest trying to see u now....u would have to get out of the house somehow though 
she work tomorrow?
well i have tomorrow free as well....try to figure out her schedule
maybe we can go see a movie or something
what ya think of that?
hey sweetie
:-*
whats goin on sexy?
just watching the ncaa tournament....u a fan?
thats fine, i was just curious
so how did the rest of your day go yesterday?  did u have to do the yard work?
oh ok..how is your day going today?
what ya been doin?  anything fun?
youtube?
lol
find any good ones?
so what kinda movies u like?
any movie(s) u would want to see...maybe we can watch one together this week 
u seen the saw movies?
ok, so a no go on that one...lol
i am drawing a blank here
lol
nothing good thats new
40 yr old virgin?
k
>:D<
i could use a real hug....its been a stressful week or so with work
:x
i am glad we found each other
i cant wait to see u in person as well...hopefully this week
well i will totally understand if we cant, but we might as well try to sqeeze in some time here or there....doesnt have to be a whole day....even if its just an hr or whatever here or there
and hr seeing u is much better then not seeing u at all
yeah.....at the same time though u cant have all work and no play.....u need some time for fun as well, even if its only for a short time
i just want to see u.....go for a walk in a park or something...or even just snuggle or kiss or whatever
good....we can snuggle then
since u r so close we can do that.....i know u dont clean or work all day every second.....just make 30 minutes here, and hr there....and i will come and visit and we can snuggle, or do whatever u want
lol
k
did u find some?
:(
cool
well we could always get u some this week
nice...lol
what other kinda things do u gotta have?
wrong answers...lol
u were suppose to say u gotta have me!  lol
lol too late on sucking up ...lol
lol
i am sure u can find some ways to make it up to me
;;)
what u offering?  and i will pick from the choices
lol
hey u have any other pics of yourself other then the ones on your myspace?  i would love to see some more
:(
hey i gotta get going....the next two days are going to be very busy for me.....so i dont know if i am going to be on, or on the times u r ......so it might not be till wednesday when we talk again, but if you want like i said before you can always email me as well
bye sweetie!  :-*
just saying hi...hope your week is going well so far sweetie...talk to ya soon :-*
:-*>:D<
hows my girl doin?
lonely without you
what u doin tomorrow?
we should hang out
why not?
well i told you that i am going to be out of town those dates......but i thought we also agreed that we could hang out on days she went to work and stuff
yes i ate dinner.....why?
why so late?
what ya eatin?
cool
so whats wrong with us hanging out for an hr here or hr there?
?
so whats wrong with us hanging out for an hr here or hr there?
then how come it seems like u dont want to see me in person
well how about this then.....
get online around 10 tomorrow and i will get on then and if she is gone to work recently then maybe we can hang out for a few hrs somewhere
even if its just me meeting u close to your house and us just talking or snuggling in my van.....any seeing you will be good seeing you
so u down for that then?
cool....then we have an online date at 10 tomorrow....and if all goes well we will see each other in person shortly after that!
alright...if i dont catch ya later tonight i certainly will tomorrow at 10
:-*  bye for now sweetie
u hiding from me?
i havent see u as online in my buddy list in a while but sure enough i browse through the ohio chat rooms and find your name
how come your invisible?
thats not me is it?
what is he buggin u about?
why not just block him then?
well just make sure he isnt on your buddy list.....then when he messages you it will give you a red circle with a line through it in the upper right of the PM box....with "ignore" next to it
then they cant message you while you are online for that session
but it doesnt give you the ignore button if he is on your buddy list, so make sure he is off
click on any random name and you will see the ignore thing in the upper right
u got it?
yes
well if he is really bothering you then take him off
so what you doing for easter tomorrow?
cool...u having other family over or just u and your mom?
cool....so your mom doesnt have to work
cool
your not very talkative
not with your bf though....u dont even want to see your bf in person
u around?
nothing, being bored out of my mind
what u doin?
day off today
u can come over if ya want
wish i was gonna be around
yeah thats really stupid
what can i do to cheer u up?
too bad she is there now or i could give ya some lovin to cheer ya up
so what ya gonna do on your free days?
cool
cool
i am soooooooooo bored right now
u around?
whats goin on?
how was your week alone?
what ya end up doin?
oh ok....u still my girl?
how did u freak out on you?
i think u might be confusing me with someone else....i never freaked out on you, i just want to see u
so u dont want to see me?
explain
when she gonna be gone tomorrow?  around what times?
well i am free during most of the day tomorrow if you want to have some fun
what kinda fun u want to have?
well i could give you a massage and some kisses all over to make up for me not making it last week
well then let me make it up to you
u deserve some lovin
well i could pick u up and we could chill
the dogs cant give you a massage and kisses where you want them
why would i play u like that?
i am not a player...i just want you
well just say you are going over to a friends house in the morning and i will pick u up someplace and we can chill for a few hrs
yeha u get my last message?
well just say you are going over to a friends house in the morning and i will pick u up someplace and we can chill for a few hrs
well like i said i can give you a massage.....and then some kisses all over...then we can go from there if u want
of course...u r my girl
well i can massage you from your toes to your thighs to your butt, to your back....all over
would u like that?
very much
so do you think you can get away tomorrow morning?
u cant just say you are going to a friends house then walk down the street or something?
k
do u have some lotion?
alright, well bring that and we can use that with the massage....making your whole body smell and feel great
well if we need to run to the store we can do that, thats fine
what do u mean?
what do u want me to bring?  i am already bringing my hands and my lips
:-*
just tell me what u want
r u cool with me massaging u all over?
no no...not in your hair...highest i would go is your shoulders....but all over would include thighs and butt...that cool?
cool...its easiest to give a massage with as little cloths on as possible, so they dont get in the way...that cool?
well like when i am doing the massage usually there is no shirt on with you laying face down....like in movies and stuff
that cool?
cool
sorry got disconnected
very much so
it will be fun though, i promise
nothin at all...i am very bored till i have work at like 8 or so
why?  whats up?
what u doin?
your mom around now?
:(
alright...i will be around, if i am not you can still leave me a message about tomorrow so i know whats goin on
bye sweetie
>:D<:-*
that sucks
bored...horny...missing u
:-*
so what can i do to help get u to sleep or help you pass the time?
u find out when your mom is leaving?
well if we hang out u wont be bored, i promise u that
as long as your not too shy with me
like with the massage and stuff since it will just be your bare back
u been with little cloths around a lot of guys?  lol
so how do u know u wouldnt be nervous then?
the massage sounds boring?
well there will be other stuff after...thats just the start
use your imagination
as much as u wanna do
u wont be bored.....we can go all the way if u want it
i will pick u up and we can come here
we can go all the way if u want to
what do u mean?
all the way....think about it.  What can a guy and a girl do together
doesnt matter what its called....i can teach you....we can go slow and i can explain while doin
u would be doin it all....u wont be bored i promise u that
practice making babies
of course.....thats why its called practice
u wont get pregnant i promise you
it would just be good fun
u up 4 it?
cool
whats the most u have done before again?
what about oral?
u like doin that?
u make him cum?
where did he cum?
u swallow?
explain
what else have u done?
alright
no....not bad at all....we can practice stuff to get u more experienced
we can do both those things
that cool?
cool
u wont be bored with that will u?  it should be exciting
not really exciting or not really as in you wont be bored?
what are you scared about?
well since you have just done those two things we can ease you into it and just do those things the first time....then we can talk about different stuff later and try some other stuff at a later time
that is sad
how old were u when it happened?
2001
i was only a few hrs away when it happened
it was definitely sad
yeah
k
:)
u better get to sleep soon though if we are gonna fool around later
well then get to sleep....u r going to get a work out tomorrow...lol
;;)
what time u wanna meet online tomorrow?
k...try for the morning
alright...i will look for u around 11 or so...nite sweetie
:-*
>:D<:-*
yeah u did...lol...i thought u forgot about me..lol
lol
what time?
lol
lol
i gotta work at like 445....so we are only are going to have a short time together, but we can still have fun
we can still have an hr together....that will be enough time for fun
of course...why wouldnt i?
yeah
we just might not have time to come back here....u cool with just in the van?
lol yeah
i think i am just gonna save my money and instead of fixing it up just save and get a new car in a year or whatever
u will see
its not red sorry
absolutely nothing
u like will ferrell?
he is the curly haired guy in old school, he is in blades of glory, elf, anchorman, etc
well i found a cool video and he is in it....its sorta like you tube so i thought of you when i found it
http://sjl.funnyordie.com/v1/landing.php
check it out
:D
k
:-*
earlier then 330?
k......i still need to get in the shower....i have been a bum so far today..lol
u can join me if u want...lol
k
what?
what do u mean?
u told her about me?
and u sure she will be gone?
k....so where am i meeting u?
u have a street name so i can look up the perkins
no i am lookin online, one sec
ohio or ky?
florence or highland heights?
yeah i think i got it
20 minutes
me 2.....so that just in walkin distance for you?
k....so what u up 4 today?
yeha....i was just making sure u were still up for it
:)
who needs cloths, u r fine naked and wet..lol
we eating in there or just meeting?
do u want to?  because that would give less time for other stuff
just come straigt to my van....save us some time
lets role play a bit...that cool?
i will be in my can in the parking lot ....i will pretend i am asleep in the back....i will leave the doors unlocked....you just come in, lock the doors quietly and "wake me up" by unzipping my pants and starting oral 
might be fun right?
so that the plan then?  i pretend i am asleep in the back?
ok cool...just remember to lock the doors after you come in
:-*
k, me 2.....so we just planning on 330 then?
k...see u there then
:-*
bye
i will be asleep in the van remember...lol
lol
bye sweetie
