29/m/wa. you?
I'm in kennewick, a good 5 hours south east from you .. what are you up to?
sme bored, cant sleep
nice to meet you Violet I'm Will
thats a nice photo you have in your profile, cute lookin
very welcome
you dont look 13 in that pic, I'd say more like 16 or 17
you dont mind chatting with someone my age?
cool , the one I have its more like a 6 months old
thank you 
ever been to kennewick?
I think I've been to Lakewood before, I used to Live around that way Enumclaw , bremerton ,so I'm sure I've been at least through there
where from?
cool, my prother now lives in Arizona
oops brother*
talking to a cute girl got me all exceited now I cant spell
I try to be 
why you up so late? or is it early?
why not?
I see, what you seeing the doc for? if thats ok to ask
a shot, alrighty
what is it called? 
lol yeah I'd do that too
lol  
dont like school huh?
I hated school also
I didn't finish either, got tired of the bs from the schools
you right it isn't
hey can I add you ? I'm liking ya already
thanks cutie
so single? 
yes I am, some times it sucks but sometimes its nice, I get to flirt more
alright, have a good night and sweetdreams
you bet
nighty night
hi Violet
how you doing?
good , just a little frustrated
supposed to have a package in today ,still not here and I ran the varification number on UPS and it said it was on the truck for dilivery this morning
yeah
a computer motherboard I ordered
I'm biulding my son and daughter a new computer
I gave them my old one that I made but its fucking slow, so I'm making a faster better one
so how was the shot?
in the ass or shoulder?
lol well I could have given it to you 
and a little kiss to make it feel better
it just got here
lol
well I'm excited now
how you doing sexy
I'm good working on a computer I just built for my kids
uh huh
5 and 8
uh huh
if you get into my profile and into photos you will see them
thanks
so what are you up to?
I'm sorry come crawl in with me I'll get ya sleeping
uh huh, only 1 problem, kids took it
lol would you actually crawl in bed with me?
oh really
yes why not? you dont bite too hard do ya
maybe start with nibbles
you like to be nibbled?
we will huh? you going to come visit?
I know , then how will we see?
you dont mind my age? you'd let me nibble on you , cuz if I start nibbling I'll be licking and sucking too
thanks, I think your cute too, and you seem very sweet
too bad you werent in the same town huh?
I'm on a waiting list to get my own place, and if you lived in town here you'd have to come visit after I got the place
yeah that sucks, maybe we'll think of something later on 
so you have a cam?
its ok , was wondering how you got your pic?
why? were you being bad on it?
but you werent? no sexy photos?
alrighty, I have a naughty pic
uh huh
lol well yeah why you wanna see it? its a umm lower pic
ok dont scream
sending
email addy?
ok brb
ok sent it will be a hotmail address ok?
ok Link to wee willy pic
you like?
ok, can I join?
lol I wish, lakes 5 hours to drive
well good night and sweetdreams  dream of me
hi
how you doing?
I'm ok been busy , have my self a migraine tonight
sorry to make this short but I am going to lay down , bye for now 
hi good lookin
how are you? yes I'm feeling better, still slight head ache but mush better
thats good, what are you up to?
playing a game
how you doing?
I'm good, , thinking of taking my kids for a drice shortly
yeah I know they will, too bad your arent here , I'd take you too
I'm sure it would, I'd have you sit in the middle so every time I shifted I'd get close between your legs 
you like trucks?
lol I'm not sure, I'd have to make sure they dont see
I have a 1976 dodge truck and a 1949 Willys pickup
cool, they arnt the best looking 
hmm maybe in a week or so I'll go to Cle Elum to visit family and see if I can make it over to you , hopefully the kids mom will call and want them for a weekend
yes I know
you home alone?
did you want me to call?
I dont know you need to tell me the number I was going to call you 
thats sucks, hmm well how about we do this later then ok? the house is full here anyone might grab the phone well think of something
'you going to call direct? or what?
its long distance
ok
I'm sorry
you promise no giving out the number?
hold on
ok here the number 509 586-3205
ok
well it looks like I'm not going any where, he is being a pain in the butt, but thinking of taking him out side just to get him out of the house
well not going yet
so what did you think?
me too,you sound pretty young , but nice, I think the sqeek was my hearing aid
yeah, well if you want to try to call again, make sure I know on here first ok?
thanks
so what are your plans for the day?
yeah I know 
cool, so what did you think of my voice?
I'm real
having a bad hair day
he's being a pain wants to play my game
still here?
sorry for?
its ok , are you just staring
lol yeah why not
but I'd like to stare at you too
he's playing now
you like muscles?
I've got some
you'll get to feel them someday
well I better go for now, maybe I'll turn the cam on again for you 
catch you later
hi
what you doing?
I'm talking and playing a game
I want some
yummy 
I like taking bread put butter on it and garlic salt, put the oven on broil, rack at the top and brown the bread there, yummy
mm hhmm 
I'm a good cook 
no 
lol well I'm sure I could but I dont cuz I cant have much of it
its ok 
you bringing me some dinner?
lol thats what the mocrowave is for
I like lots of olives in my spaggetti
lol damn
hey sexy
how are you?
I'm good, gettin bored
not much to do, lol no one and nothing to do
just alot of running I needed to do and have to finish tomorrow
so what are you up to?
I'm sorry, so been telling your g/f at school about me
yet?
I'm sorry, I know how that is, I had like 2 through out school , hardly any friends, 
yeah same here, why do they think you are wierd?
because you are different, sounds like me, I was different and because of that I was always tormented , 
yeah
dont feel bad I know how you feel
thats up to you , if you want to tell someone go ahead, as long as it doesn't make problems
I'm sorry
so what would you tell a friend?
oh yeah? you want me to be your b/f huh
well right now all it can be is online, 
how are you?
I'm good
missed you too, 
what are you up to?
I'm here now
working on my kids computer that I made them
yeah, its much faster than the last one I made
still needs a little work , but thats what I do
so what did you do all day?
anything fun?
made some runs, worked on my ex bro inlaws truck, then on mine, took kids to school and picked them up
been busy 
well kinda  
brb ok
I need to go for a little take my shot and feed my kids ok , but I will be back
back
what you doing?
nutin? sounds exciting
what are your plans for the rest of the night?
what kind of work?
eeww nasty , what they thinkin you cant talk?
am I interupting your homework?
alright
you have your computer in your room or what?
thats cool
hey whats nawlins?
aww ,you want to go and be naughty there are something?
well I wouldn't know
lol what would you do there?
there has to be some reason you want to go there
cool
well before you go there, you have to come here
yeah one of those
thats a ways, mine isn't until Jan
so do I get to ask personal questions?
umm do you shave your umm yeah that
why not?
alright, still growin huh?
so still nice and smooth  
I shave mine
yah nice and smooth
well thats all I shave
lol hmm do you like touching your self?
have you slipped you finger in at all?
feels good?
wait until you feel a tongue there instead
you bet
I love sucking and licking there
yeah , need to cleach again
bleach*
this is my daughter
so think one of these nights I give you a show
awesome
ok catch me late rok I'd love to hear from you 
sorry I missed you ;-8
hey
how are you?
I'm good, was actually just about to head out, thinking of taking the kids to the park, what are you up to?
surfin for?
surfin for nuts
well in that case  I have justthe nuts for you 
well sweetie I gotta run with the kids, catch me tonight if you can ok? maybe we'll talk on the phone again
miss ya
bye for now sexy
hi
how are you?
I'm alright
what are you up to? looking for some hot guys huh j/p
I'm downloading game upgrades 
add new maps to the games and stuff
what kind of games do you like?
I've always wanted to play that, I play things like action shooter games, star wars and star trek games
sorry, my son and I compete each other online
yup
its ok 
downloading and talking to you 
when you coming to sit on my lap?
right now, sliding you slowly on to my lap while my cock slides in little at a time 
ok
front
does that sound fun
I bet, I cant wait to teeach you 
well sweets I need to go work on my truck before it get too late ok, I'll catch you in a bit if you are still here 
hey 
how you doing?
I'm ok taking a short break from a game my son and I are playing against each other
yeah, what are you up to?
yeah I'm a little bored too, did you change your profile pic? looks a little diff
you look pretty small, may I ask how much you weigh? if thats ok
wow , how tall are you?
cool, your a feather huh?
I could just pick you up to eat you  
so what other photos you have?
ok
I wish you had a cam, would be nice to see you now
then you could really be bad
but hey I better get back to the game he's being a monster I'll catch you in a bit ok?
have fun, or try to 
hey I'm back finished with the games
I have to get dressed still in my pj's
so what are your plans today?
nutin? sounds fun, come over here and do nutin
aww but we could have so much fun
when I get the chance I will, right now I have to save some money for a trip to spokane next month, have to take my daughter to shriners
its a check up but she'll end up getting more surgery
she had club feet when she was born
when she was 9 months she had surgery one her foot
you home alone?
ok well I have to get going for now ttyl sexy
hey, I just got back in from dinner , whats up?
hi , what are you up to?
anything good?
yummy
I think so , nothing coming up that I know of
up to no good huh?
just talking to you , so I guess thats being up to no good j/p
so what did you do today?
pretty good isn't it?
not alot, took the kids to BK for lunch , made a couple stops then to the park for a while, and back here, 
I want to see blade 3
so what are you doing the rest of the night?
same here, I have no idea what I'm doing tonight
oh yeah? what would we be doing?
mmmm and ?
why me? dont you have any idea what you'd like to be doing?
you want to make me happy? what about you? dont you want to be happy?
and what would you want that would make you happy?
thinking?
oh yeah? I know you're shy, I am to a point too, kinda took my self out of the major shyness, took a long time
that would be great. its nice to feel lips on mine, and the feel of someone hugging back is awesome
oh yeah? I'd like to feel your soft body rubbing on mine
what else would you like?
I'll lightly run my teeth over your neck, nibble and suck your ear lobe
brb
back
so been telling any friends abotu me yet
why not? want me all to your self
lol , well you know , it coudl be a long time before we even get a chance to meet or do anything
me too
lol, well as soon as I dont have the kids here , not wanting them to wake up and see
uh huh
but you'll get it 
your just dying to see me jack off on cam for ya huh?
uh huh
so you are in your room huh? 
thats cool, what a good place to have your computer, hmm maybe you can tell your mom you want a digital cam so you can take pics of friends and put them on the computer, cuz those cams can be used as a webcam too
lol 
you can get cheap ones at wal-mart for like 19.95, they will come off the puter and you can cary it around and take pics, then plug it in put the pics on the computer, or use it as a webcam
still here sweetie?
well I'm falling asleep, catch me shortly please, just message me 
hello
what you doing/>
just chatting, letting my kids watch a movie for bed
what happen earlier you stopped talking
then I started falling asleep
ok no problem
they wanted to watch star wars
so coming over for a ride?
hmm a ride on me 
uh huh I'm sure you would like it
oh yeah of course I would
what happen?
ok, she didn't see anything did she?
ok
no but she can read
can I ask you something?
where is your dad?
I see, I'm sorry, does he live close to you?
where at? if ok to ask
ok, I'm sorry.  I grew up not even knowing mine, get this my mom doesn't even know. and my step dad was an abusive asshole, so yeah I feel the same about him
runs hands through your hair and holds you close
hey good lookin
how you doing?
I'm doing ok. looking up game info
yeah, how was your day?
just ok? no guys chasing you ?
damn I wouldhave 
I'd sneak you to a bath room stall 
I'm sure we would, if caught
so what are your plans for the night?
lots?
alright, I should let you go do it huh?
miss you 
hey sexy
how are you?
I'm good
what are you up to?
just got back home , been running all day
went to Or. last night braught back a car 
yeah I gave the car ro my ex wife a while back, she never did anything with it and said I coudl take it back. so I'll be using it for trip , do better on gas than my truck
the 31st I have to take my daughter to spokane
yup yup
I coudl really use some time to get laid going to help?
yeah but I have my kids to care for , I'm sorry, they'll be gome for spring break
what have you been up to lately?
cool , I've been pretty much doing the same thing every day, take the kids to school pick them up and take care of them 
yeah thats what a dad should do
well sweetie I'm not feeling too good I need to go ok? sorry.. mom should too
I hope so , thanks.. nighty night sweetie
hi
how are you?
I'm alright, been feeling icky today
its ok 
hi sorry its been a while, I've been busy  miss talking to you 
miss you too
hey
how you doing?
I'm ok , giving up tonight from working on a couple cars
its dark, getting windy and getting on my nerves
what are you up to?
I'm sorry,wish I could help
think its the first week of April
cool
not much same thing I do every day . taking care of the kids and all
they are good, have teachers connfrence with my daughters teacher tomorrow and for my son friday
no dont think so, it happens to all kids they have a confrence
are you doing bad?
they was my bad spot too
I hate math
so what you doing now?
missed you too
when you getting here?
that would be nice, but I think it'll need to wait until I have my own place
well right now if you came here not sure what my grandparents would think abotu your age coming in here 
yeah
awesome
and?
awesome
yeah , it would 
ok bye sweetie 
hi, arent you up late?
what are you doing?
same 
my daughter got ahold of sissors today and chopped her long hair I had to fix it
she looks like a boy now
so cant sleep?
you should relax , and rub your self, you'll get tired from that
you dont wanna do that?
sorry if I missed you , hope you are well. good night and sweetdreams
busy catch you later
hi sorry I missed you earlier
how are you?
I'm ok , building an other computer 
for a friend, its an old one, nothing new in it.
well its supposed to go to a 5 year old , so nothing special, just making it work
what are you up to?
cool, so what now? need laid?
you like me alot huh?
in person
yeah me too 
too bad we werent closer
that would be awesome
right now I have no money , well getting short, maybe some other time? I hope
see I have 58.00 left and it has to get me to spokane the 31st
or maybe if you can wait until this summer whenthe kids arent here
I know its a while but, not much I can do, I went to the apartment I am #2 on the list now
yeah, I'm happy
did you leave me?
hi
how are you?
I'm good
what are you up to?
nothing right now
so have you been a naughty girl lately?
always no way
well damn it be bad, come get on top
right now, I want you naked on top of me  
well I have to run, flirt with you later
You have just been DEATHWISHED! Tonight at midnight your true love will realize they like you. something good will happen to you at 1:00-4:00 pm tommorow, it could be anywere.Get ready for the biggest shock in your life. if you break this chain u will be cursed with realtionship problems for the next 10yrs.........if u have love for someone copy and send this to ur whole list and in 5min. ur true love will send u a message or call.........dont ask just do it.........
hi
how are you?
hi how are you?
I'm alright, just bored
what are you up to?
hey baby
how are you?
miss you 
hi sexy
how are you?
I'm ok, bored and got that need a laid feeling
you coming to help me out
lol thats in a couple years huh?
damn, I want you sooner
so have you been flirting with any guys lately?
not really? so a little
nope
so getting a b/f soon?
why not?
alright
so still no webcam?
nothing, just finished diner
aww damn. 
tell her you want a cheap digital from wal-mart so you can put some photos on your computer
yeah those cheap ones work like webcams too
ok, would be cool 
yeah 
so what are you up to?
yeah same here. wish I had some company
I wish I could
hey sweets I need to get going for now, I'll catch you again ok?
bye for now
