I am Kent, You are only 14??????
As much as I would love to chat, I cannot do that with you.  I am super older than you.  I am sorry.  You are a pretty one.
Honey, you could be my granddaughter I am 50. Now I have had the company of a girl your age many years ago and risked a lot doing it.  But these days people would not look good at us chatting.
I know that no one would be watching us chat.  So let's do this if you have a question or need advice about something you can ask me and I will try to answer your question and give you sound ideas and advice.  You're a pretty girl and you could have a great future in front of you. To bad you do not drink then we could chat over a cold beer.
LOL not me LOL, well if you are ever at my place you can drink
Malibu rum the coconut one??? I used to drink that in Korea, if you are ever down in Lompoc I will have some for you
i could always pretend to be a taxi lol
We could always barter for it, lol, my apartment needs a cleaning ;-)
No mice but maybe a glass slipper. What part of Santa Maria do you live? Did you go to the fair last weekend?
Yes I went and saw Kelly Pickler on Saturday. You live with your sister? Tell me about her and if you do not mind why not with your parents?
IC what grade are you going into when school starts again
Cool How long have you lived there?
IC, Well now that we are chatting I hope you stay there for a long time. Is your sister married or ???
IC what would she say if you went out during the day on na weekend or something like that
Does she keep a tight eye on you???
IC I am heading to San Diego this weekend will be back Sunday afternoon about 4:00pm just to let you know.  Man my apartment is really messy. LOL
But when I get home I may need someone to come help clean it up
Yes Sunday about 4:00ish.  Do you have another photo besides the one on your post?
Yes I do. You are a very pretty sexy girl.  I bet the boys are always chasing you.
Do you like to play xbox????
I am a big first person shooter gamer.  So there is you and your sister any other siblings?
Cool I have them all, one of my hobbies is taking still life photos i have been thinking about moving to taking candid shots of people.  I would love to do a photo shoot with you
I think you would make a good sexy subject
He was a fool.  I would treat you like a queen
But I am thinking stupid I am a old man and there would be no way that a young pretty girl like you would want to be that close to me
I hope you do not care.  I like you. You are a sweet smart pretty girl. I would like to know you more and maybe spend time with you I bet you have a sweet laugh and smile
That is a start to a good friendship. It is up to you on how much you want to go. But I would really like to hang with you.
All I can say is that I respect ladies, they are speIcial people in my book.  But I would have to show you in person when you're ready to meet.  Oh BTW I am a reeally good cook ;-)
The resepect comes with age, I do not make much Mexican but it would be fun trying.
Think about Sunday.  If it was not so late I would ask about tonight but it be too late to take you back home
That was an excuse but if you did I will pay for your time.  You say you're a night owl have you stayed out all night before??
I have to catch 0900 train in Santa Barbara tomorrow but I could get you back home early enough. I have wine and beer we can get to know each other more.
I am sorry if I was to forward
WOW I had a tuna sandwich for dinner too :-0 Well the offer is there if you would like to see each other tonight i am here all alone just watching cooking show
Talk, maybe play Halo, have a drink or three, get closer, just let things flow
I have the original computer Halo plus all the XBOX ones.  So what is it going to be?  I can be up there to get you in about a half hour or so.
Ok all you have to do is say yes come pick me up and then tell me where
LOL no I am not an axe murderer and yes I think you are very very sexy
That would be so disrespectful.  I would not say it if I did not mean it You are very pretty and sexy young lady, and I would be honored to enjoy your company
All I can tell you is that I will treat you with the up most respect and kindness and would not do anything to hurt you or force you to do something you did not want to do
That is cool so what will it be my little girl. Do you want to come hang out for the night?  Would you be okay spending a fun sexy night with me?
A sexy little skirt would be nice but plain old jean would look hot on you. Where would I pick you up at? It will take me about 20 to 30 minutes to get there. Here is my cell number 
May I ask do you like to kiss????
Ok so girl when and where do I pick you up at????
Yes I think so. Do you want to come find out?
Well girl can you come here tonight?
Ok all I am waiting for is for you to tell me how to contact you and where to pick you up at
That is cool we can entertain each other
Not sure.  I am sure it will be fun.  Trust me.
Well
I can be up to Santa Maria in about 20 to 30 minutes.  You could always shower here LOL. I just need to know where I can pick you up from.
Yes I would. So do you want me to come get you or not? It is getting later and later.
Can't your sister take care of it for one night???? I would really like your company tonight. If it is too much of a short notice we can plan it for Sunday afternoon
I will try my best to keep you from getting bored.
Girl this is really dragging out.  I can show you in person better than telling you by email.  But it is getting late. 10:00pm is my limited if I am not on my way to really pick you up then it will have to wait until another day.  Please let me know
would you be up to being intimate and share my bed. If not I understand completely
Well
Kissing, feeling each other, and sleep together
I have had a vasectomy I cannot make babies.
But this needs to happen soon baby girl.
Do you like to be licked
It can happen tonight but we need you here like now
You can do it here. Maybe together but I need to leave now to come get you
Ok baby girl do you have a number I can text or call when I get there
I will be there in about 20 to 30 minutes.  I am leaving now short skirt button shirt panties is your choose
I will text you and you can just come out
I am on my way 
I am here 
Hello 
I am parked across the street come out to me 
Ok 
Why Don't come out 
Please hurry 
Ok hurry where is your sister 
Ok 
