hi kylee, if you wanna chat sometime add me to inst mess, pete_wood11 for yahoo, and popeye1961 for hotmail see you soon
hi kylee
yes i did
how are you
pretty good too thanks, reyou gonna be on a while?
by the way if thats you>>>> your very pretty
yw
can you hold for a little while i need to eat ok? ill be back to you in 30 min
ok
yes? you ok with the age? 
ok kool, i dont mind yoe age either 
yes i am
wiill you be here when im done?
good, id love to talk to you more tonight get to know you well, ill be back soon ok kylee
ok, sweetie see you soon
im bak kylee
hi sweetie
yes i doespecially cause im talking to you
thanks
im very compassonate and i love giving you compliments, so i hope your ready
thanks as areyou and ill try and not go too far dont wanna make you scared or nervous
thanks and neither are you darlin
would you be able to send me some pics i think your real cute
thanks and ill send yousome of me too and my dogs
one in my lap>>> is husky/rot mis and one in front of me is husky
they are, wish  you could see them
yep all for you
:x>:D<
tanks i love your hugs very soft and warm like you
thanks you ok with all this? i told you im a romantic
thank you i bet you are real romantic too when you wanna be
me too check out my space i moved you aaround
yep
i moved you up on list
thanks darlin
i havea cam if youwanna check me out
youwanna see
hi darlin you see me
thanks
i love your pc too its soo oadorable
my pleasure
it might freeze every once in a while so im sorry when it does
no sorry sweetie, theyre with a friend, 
im sorry sweetie
do you live in kentucky?
kool maybe some day we can meet and i can bring them with me 
i livein ohio
where in KY are you
covington?
where?
newport?
thanks you too
i understand, but i wanna meet you and let you play with my dogs sometime but i dont wanna be pushy 
>:D<:x:-*
id love to hug you too sometime
thank you do you like that?
i hope so, maybe for now i can be your big brother or your cyber uncle, id like that, or anything you want me to be, i really like you you are pretty and very sweet
i dont mean cyber sex, at least not yet, lol i meant be your on line bro or uncle, look after you help you with anything you want be there for you protect you that kinda stuff
my pleasure
course let me know about the cyber stuff, lol:)
dont wanna scare you or anything
j/k about that stuff
:-*
sorry sweetie weather hit my computer
not yet just rain and wind
wish we could cuddle together in this weather, id like that:)
you ok sweetie
wish i were there to help you stay calm, im good at that
id hold you tight and stroke your hair to calm you 
and prolly give you sme kisses too if you like
thanks you are too kylee
flirting with you and searhing for some music
what you doing sweetie
for what
im only chatting wit hyou, no one els matters
:-*
you waring anything pretty tonght?
nice are jeans tight?
i kinda like that
kool
im in sweat pants and tee
you too
wanna see my cam again
hi there
what you doing tonight
awww too bad im not there to help you stay calm, this is cuddling weather, lol
yep, id love to cuddle with you if you like that, id protect you from storm
thank you
id hold you real tight and make sure nothing or no one hurts you 
i try babe i try
notreally im just watching tv while i flirt with you sweetie
im never too busy for you kylee
i just get quiet sometimes, i hate that too speciallywith a special gal like you
thanks you are sooo sweet to understand
i knowspecially when we cuddle;)
yep i love to cuddle
youd feel nice and warm in my arms too, id hold oyu real tight so nothing hurts you
only for you kylee
you like the way i talk to you?
im glad i love talkingto you like this
you are very special to me kylee, always
>:D<:-*
i wanna hug you sooo much, i get lonely a lot
yes im justa little lonely tonight but im glad your here with me kylee 
you too get lonely or you glad your with me
i know i wish we could keep each other company more often id like that a lot, go for walks hold hands, do anytin you want
yes it does
:-*>:D<:x
you like that a lot?
i do too id love to do it for real sometime, if you like but ill let you decide
thanks you do too kylee
it would be nice, im a good hugger;)
i bet you are too huh
well if we got together you couldhug me as much as you want , i love getting hugs
nottoo much i wanna stay here with you a little longer, wouldnt miind fallingasleep in your arms too;)
thats good i leave you speechless huh
im glad, that means you like me a lot huh
im glad i like you a lot too kylee
as are you swetie
:-*
id love to go on a long moonlight walk with you and hold hands
never too busy for you babe
sorry babe comp froze again
ok ,want some help, lol
aww damn, lol
what you change into?
what does it look like
mmmm i love blue, is it see thru?
nice what you have on under it?
panties?
mmm what color
blues my fav color
yep
bet you look sexy in them too
my leasure
pleasure
wish i could see you in that nightie
how short is it
nice, bet your knees are cute too
bet the rest of you is cute too huh?
no i didnt i got caught up in tv show sorry baby
didnt meant to ignore you
you are too important to me
thanks baby
what you wana do tonight?
ok, wish i could help you relax tonight
only with you kylee
i love being sweet to you
my pleasure
do youll be alone for 4 days?
im glad
yep
oh ok, thats sweet
id loveto tuck you in and kiss oyugoodnight
course id crawl in there with you too, to make sure your warm 
brb baby
bak
aww i missed yu too
yep csi ny and flirting with you
what youdoing now baby
kool
:-*:-*
hi there you thought i left you?
id never do that at least not on purpose, i care about you too much
yes i do
you like that
do you care about me
thanks you very much and you do too, and i hope w get to be very close friends id love that
kk hurry
no justwaiting for my sweetie to get bak
hi sweetie
yes you
miss you allways
its ok
lol
just you baby
but i need to turn in i have an early day tomorrow, can we chat tomorrow night or get your number so i can call you
my myspace IM doesnt work well dont know why
sweet dreams darlin
ill be on around 630 my time, where are you from again
oh yea im in monroe oh.
u too
night
hi kylee how are you sweetie
im doing good
how was your day
it was busy but good, whats going on tonight that your not doing well? 
aww im sorry about that anything you wanna talk about?
ok, just wanted to ask, so anyway what you wanna talk about tonight
worked, mostly, then came home around 6 and am relaxing tonight watching shows i tape during the week
how bout you what did you do today
yea it can be but awful lonely sometimes, but i can handle it
are you doing ok tongiht then, ill do what i can to make it better 
we can be together here and talk as long as poss.
any time  kylee, im here for you as much as i can be, always remember that
no i dont i think your very sweet, beautiful, funny, adorable, compassionate and sexy, lol
but thats my opinion
anytime darlin
and i hope you dont mind all the sweet names i call you, i like doing that but if you are uncomfortable i wont do it
thanks, ill keep doing it
>:D<
im glad, thats what im here for darlin
i love it when i make you fel better
feel
good
i wont stop
hey i added you as friend on my myspace ca you acept it so i can leave you messages, your set as private
i am but it says you have to add me, because your set as private
oh i see you now, sorry bout that;)
and your on my list too
right now your number 11 but im sure youll move up quickly this weekend, lol
i wouldnt mind talking to you on phone sometime just let me know if i can and whens a good time ok, i dont wanna push anything on you your not ready for
i see you like harry potter
i have all 4 movies
no i dont like the books i wait for movies to come out then i buy them, lol
mabe ill get them this summer
kool, oh i sent you a pic comment too
my pleasure
let me know when you read it
thank you and ill keep commenting you alot too in the future, and you can do same with my pics, and ill get more put up so you can see my babies,lol
thanks wish you could see them sometime youd love them
you are sooo easy and nice to talk with kylee i sure hope we get closer the more we talk, and get to be very close friends, id do anything for you if im able, and ill always be here for you
thank you you ar very sweet
na u r, lol
>:D<:-*:x
i always like the way you are, dont change unless its for the better
thanks i try, i just love spending time here with you i dont want it to end sometimes
i know but its the way i feel, you are sooo easy to talk to, makes me think we've known each other a long time
i wont be up too much longer tonight, i have to work tomorrow morning, but i dont wanna let you go yet
too bad we couldnt cuddle tonight id let you fall asleep in my arms if you wanted, just a thought;)
thank you i try my best
thank you and i mean all of it with you, if your ok with it, i love being that way with you you make it soo easy for me to feel like that
dont know darlin, just comes natural i guess when i see something i really like
yes i do kylee very much
you ok with that
im glad
i kinda wiah you had cam too id love to see your face tonight
they are ok i think, im gonna see them this weekend, they live with my ex, but i see them every other wk end
i have one but it doesnt like yahoo messenger too much keeps freezing
yes it does i miss them alot
i know but i am ok, im surviving ok
now that i have you in my life, sort of, lol even if its just here but its good enough for now
:)
i dont understand why you dont have a b/f there but im glad you dont:)
cause it makes me wanna talk more with you and be with you more often, and wanna meet you smetime too if we can work that out someday 
and you do too kylee very much
anytime sweetie
-*
lol never with you babe
course if you wanna be bored together id like that too;)
thinking about being with you holding you tight 
what are you thinking about?
aww i like that, whatelse?
well we can have as much fun as you want, course it would be better if we were together, i love to tickle, lol 
it would deff be sweet, cause id be with you
i know how you feel honey im very lonely
yes sorry sis came home brb ok i have to pee. lol
dont leave yet
bak sorry bout that
yes, it gets kinda stressful but its ok, im down stairs alone and shes upstairs
who do you have bedsides me hunny
so your there alone for a few days?
good too bad im not there with you or vice versa
so your not bored now?
im glad
cantwait to talk to you on phone hopefully we can this weekend, id love to hear your pretty voice if you want
yes it would
just let me know when we can do it and you can giveme your numbe if you want
;;)
you see my myyspace comment?
my pleasure ill do it more often ok?
as are you;)
flirting with you and watching air force one
and you?
im trying,l ol, i like doing that
sometime i flirt better when im not so tired, but believe me ill flirt with you as often as i can
a little but i dont wanna let my sweetiego yet
aww thanks you are soooo sweet
i will too hun
but ill be with you tomorrow i promis just dont know when, but you can still send me myspace mess. or email me if you want so your not so lonely
brb phone
bak sorry i left you
i guess im more popular than i thought but rather be most popular with you;)
yea, what can i do,l ol
j/k
course rather you be calling me alot anyday
yep, but only with you sweetie
i do have other girls i talk to but they are justfriends, you are the only special one i wanna spend time with
only to you darlin
im also watching law and order but i can still be here with you
ok
yea but im talking to you now anyway
wish you had cam tonight
then i can see your pretty face as long as i can
or anything else you wanna show me;)
i can always hope but rather have tyou here with me then we can do anything we want then
make out, cuddle, tickle each other, then see what happens then
only for you because i think you are very cute sexy, pretty and very sweet yourself
i wish we were together tonight id love to feel your soft skin next to mine
it would be because it would be you and e together
yes
would you like that
i am very sweet, i love to be romantic with thatspecial person, you, and show you how romantic i can be
i bet you can be justas romantic as i can if you got the chance
im sure you would do fine if you got the chance and id show you a few things too if you like, then id let you do hat comes natural, it would be fun and very romantic being with you
thanks you sweetie and youdo as well
nope just got caught up in my show sorry baby
thanks babe
:-*:-*:x
i bet your lips are soooo warm and soft
and i bet rest of you is justas softand warm too
a little, can we chat more tomorrow night?
lol not as nice as you are kyl;ee
im justwatching tv but i have to get up early
pls dont be angry, i will miss you
hi kylee how are you today sweetie
i missed you today but i had to work
what are you up to today
yea its thatway here too too bad we cant be together and do something fun dont like this kinda weather
well im here maybe you and i can do something here
dont know but im sure we'll think of something;)
thats why i wish we were together so we wouldnt have to pretend:)
yep
i like the real deal, i dont like to pretend, but we can do anything we want together on here if you want sometime, im up for anything
ok, didnt mean to upset you or anything, just like being here with you
and you are too kylee, i never wanna make you upset or mad, i dont wanna lose you ever
just one other one but nothing was going on i was also watching tv
but today its only you and me
im so sorry i did that i didnt realize what i was doing but its just you im talking to right now, i always wanna make you my priority when i see you, ill make it better from now on i promise
nope, you are the pretty one in my eyes kylee always
:-*>:D<
im glad kylee ill never let you down i promise, i dont wanna lose you
:x:-*
you can talk to me about anything you want, ask me anything you want and ill do my best to hep you out and be here for you anytime you need me
my pleasure>:D<
not st all kylee, i think your adorable sweet, pretty, cute and beautiful
my pleasure darlin
you are very special to me kylee and i want us to grow closer if you want
im glad you feel that way
x
im glad you like it, thats what you do to me and i love doing that stuff to you so you know how i feel
ill do my best to keep being honedt with you kylee ok, i really like you al ot
its ok, ill never leave you 
everything ok kylee
whats wrong hun talk to me
im glad, you know ill never do that to you, just stay with me ill make it all better i promise
i wish i could tell you sweetie, i dont know why they do what they do
if i were thee id make them sorry they hurt you
you still with me?
was worrried for a sec
its ok
me too sweetie, whatwould youwant me to do if i were there
i can do that, id make you feel good and get you to smile a lot
id so anything for you you anted me to
im glad and you do to me also
idholdyou tight tickle you kiss you passionately, for starters
sometimes you dont have too sweetie
yes it would be id loveto romance you
yes i would
talking like this with you is really makingme want you here with me
im soo lonely today all i want is to have you in my arms and kiss you all afternoon
yes it would and it would make me feel good too to have you in my arms feeling your warm body next to mine
itwould be wit hyou
yes it would
i love to kiss, i bet you are good at it huh?
most guys like to kiss, kinda makes us excited;) and i wouldlove to touch your soft lips too
girls can always tell when guys love kissing we get aroused easy, and it feels good to kiss girls, i love to french kiss the best
how could you tell? what did he do
what did he show you
his penis?
was it big?
what did you do then?
did he wanna see anything of yours?
and whatwas that
did he want youto touch it?, did he wanna see your boobs
did you touch it?
nope, maybe lateryou can do something with me and we can have some fun if you like, i wouldnt mind at all
i getting kinda aroused now anyway, you make me feel good a lot
your welcome babe
thanks baby, i really care about you alot, you make me feel good and i love making you feel same
and you make me kinda horny sometimes too but i like that
thanks kylee, ill always try and make you feel good anytime you need or want it
so did you end up touching his penis?
howd it feel?
mmmm
did you let him touch you anywhere
did he squeeze them
did you like it?
kool
how old is he?
do you still hang with him
do you still do things with him?
so now your all mine to hang with?
you do too kylee, im glad we met and im glad you dont mind talking like this sometimes
as are you
well i need to do some chores before i go out tonight, but we can always hang out anytime you want, and id love to call you too sometime if youwant , ill let you tell me how you feel about that
now?
how bout if i call you?
lol
ill call when you want me too so nt to get you in trouble
will he be there at all today?
ok, well, maybe i can give you number and you can call later on so i can get laundry done is that ok with you
ok, here is my number, 513-847-0856. i found out im not goingout tonight but i still need to do chores, maybe you can watch for me on line again then you can call, or yu can call me in an hour if you want
id that ok with you sweetie
well im gonna get off now so i can get back to you tonight ok? dont miss me too much
wish you could help
not the same,l ol, ok ill see you soon
>:D<:-*
hi sweetie u there
hold on a sc ill brb have to potty, lol:\">
i am
sorry bout that
i didnt mean to blow you off kylee, ill never do that again i promise
thats true but i thnk about you a lot too
can you forgive me pls ill never do that to you again
thank you very much darlin, you mean a lot to me too
i like you both pretty mch the same
i might even like yu a little more we'll have to wait and see;)
so pls dontgive up on me andill never give up on you
yea a little bit
but to me age doesnt matter
for you, i wont be talking to her tonight shes busy, wont be talking to hertil tomorrow night so im all yours tonight
im sur we'll find so,ething to amuse ourselves
anythin u wanna do hun
maybe we can have another special chat if you like when your phone is charged
prolly not
id like that very much sweetie, ilove being here with you, honest
here and on phone as much as we can
you have a pretty voice to go a long with that pretty face you have
id rather hang out wit hyou for real if we can sometime
:)
is it what? that id love to hang out with you for real?
yea id love to do that very much
we can do that tonight if you want, i can squeeze you in somehow,l ol
i wanna be with you anytime we can work it out kylee, i really like you alot and i enjoy your company
with you tonight?
dont know maybe hope to have special chat with you here and on phone while we're both alone, id love us to make each other feel good cause im lonely tonight
yea we can do that too as long as you want hunny
id rather have real, but since your not here with me we can hang out here and on phone, and maybe fool around some if youwant to make each other feel good
id love nothing better than to have you here with me in my room tonight to cuddle with and hang out with but since i cant have that ill take you any way i can get you
i wanna be with you for real, but i dont know how that can happen, if you have any ideas im all ears, id do anything to be with you for real
i can, were do you live?
thats nearby, i know where that is
where in ky
you may not have anything to lose
if you tell me i may suprise you and meet you somewhere so we can get to know each other better, if your not too far south that is
are you in newport? covington?
well thats not too far from me i know where newport on the levee is, how far from that are you
can you get to the levee on your own or do you wan me to come to your house
is there a park near you
we can meet there if you like
then we can just get to know each othr, i can buy you a pop or something 
then we can do anything you want
if you like
we can take it slow and see what happens
thanks
thank you kylee you are too very sweet
yes i do very much
yes
i know youd love the but maybe sometme when weather is warm i cn get you and take them for walk in park
who all do you live with again?
what time tomorrow will he be back
kool, too bad i couldnt spend the night tonght, lol
but where would i sleep;)
what do u sleep in
i meant clothes silly,l ol
nice bet you look sexy in it huh?
my boxers
you too, and we couldcuddle real close too keep each other warm
yours too
thanks you i would be very gentle with you 
my pleasure
i like you very much kylee
thank you darlin
sometimes you dont have to
it would be for sure, you wouldnt want me to leave i bet
i do well, you wouldnt be disappointed im sure
i feel very comfortable talking to you kylee and im sure we could talk about anything and not get the othernervous or scared, i enjoyed hearing about the boy you were with, kinda made me feel good hearing what you 2 did together
im sure he did and i bet id like it as well, you liked it too didnt you
i bet i couldmake you feel that way too
yes it would
lights down low, you and me in your bed next to each other, kissing and touchiing each other, it would be very nice
yes and sexy as well, me kissing you and rubbing your thighs keeping them warm
they would be soft and warm just the way i like them
yes i can, and then you can do anything else you want
as we lie in bed as you  rub me and carress me i would be massaging and kissing your breasts a little, would you like that
mmmm it will be for sure, have you ever gone down on a guy before? or had h do that to you?
how long did you do it
would you have wanted him to?
it can be, goingdown on each other, id like that, to feel your lips on me, itwouldbe very nice
and we can do it as long as you want, id enjoy giving you pleasure too, and i bet you taste kinda sweet too
you like this?
how is it making you feel?
me too, im getting akinda hard too but i like it
im boutto cum now,l ol, thinking about you in that nightie, making me horny, lol
id love to see younice breasts and kiss them and squeeze them, and maybe suck on them a little if you like
would you be in a dress? so i can see your sexy legs?
wouldnt mind seeing you in wet tee, lol
no but im sure i can find it, just give me directions from I 75
can you tell me how to get to bowling alley? we can meet there and i can take you back to your house or you can just tell me to get to the house
no but i do bowl
i know
kk
ill be driving black ford pick up, and ill have a blk coat, with white stripes on it
how will i know its you?
ok
it will take me about 30-45 min to get there, but ill prolly leave around530 is that ok?
itsok
no i was thinking around leaving at 530 , it will take 30-45 min to get there is that ok?
hold on a min ok, i wanna make sure directions are clear
what town do you live in?
im looking on mapquest
you know the address of bolw alley
yes
yep just refining my search
itshould take about 45 min to an hr to get there
wait outside alley so i know its you ok
ok, remember ill b in a full size blk for pick up
i have dir to your house but you want me to meet at alley
how far are you from alley
on *Location removed*? 
ill meet you at alley
outside so dress warm
im printingout dir so i dont get lost
ill leave at 530 and give me30-45 min to get there
if i dont see you ill wait just inside
lol ok your anxious huh
ok
ok make urself smell nice, but ill need a shave, but i wont do it yet
ok, ill be in sweat pants and sweat shirt with my blk coat
ok will it say anything n it
ok
ok, ill look forwar to seeingyou
ok, im gonna get  off here andget dressed ok, so i can leave at 530
ok, see you around 6
:-*
im here kylee
i didnt holdon
that better sweetie
i did come down bt i couldnt find alley im so sorry darlin we can set it up for next weekend a little earlier if you want
im so sorry you had to wait in the rain
but i dont know your number you never gave it to me kylee
hold on ill see
i cant redial when im not ther one who called
brb
im here i checked other phone and your number was not on display
i know im very sorry, i wanna make it up to you some time some how
i cant i dont have enough gas to get there and back tonight im sorry
im sorry
what time is your dad coming home tomorrow?
about 9-10pm?
ok, how about you let me try and make it up to you tomorrow, i can come down right after church i can leave around 1pm and we can have all afternoon together would you let me do that for you?
because id like to stay ere and get to bed early so i can get up and go to church tomorrow, i promise ill come down after church and come to your house
i dont have a date
hold on pls dont leave
because im trying to work something out to come down tonght for you
ok i thik i can do this if you let me wait til 745-8pm, after my movie i can come down ill be there around 830 and come to your house? and we can be together until around 11-12 midnight and i can come back here and still be able to get  a few hrs sleep for church in AM, does thatsound ok with you?
ok thanks hunny this means that you can wait at home and ill go right there instead of you goingto bowl alley
what would you be wearing for our inital meeting? somethng pretty i hope?
maybe a skirt?
yes, i do
im thinkingof what you look like in skirt an i like it
the movie should be over in about 20 min then ill leave and come down
do you know if theres gas stations near bowl alley
well im sure ill find one
your address is *Location Removed*?
how bout if i leave now, im at a commercial at movie
ok, ill see you in about 40 min ok
around 815 i hope
remember to wear a skirt for me ok?
see you tonight kylee
love you:-*
