Sweet.
U in school Rite now?
shoals. But I'm Petersburg every day 24
So ur home schooled. Menes U hve someone lookingover ur shoulders while ur on here..lolur on here..lol
Damn. Profile U hve says ur 18
Ur f.... Hot tho
It's ok.
Just don't get me in troubles...plezzzzzzzz
Meet U ?
Yea U said don't tell u ur Hot. Then looks like it said meet..lol
Do what?
Y would u do what?
Ur parents would freak..if we were flirting..lol
Yea
I work in Petersburg area. Drive around all day. Get off around 4
Ohhhh. I won't tell the meet people. I promiss
So r U in Petersburg or no
Ok...where's much dounalds in Petersburg
Drive local del truck.
I hve to pay bills silly
So where's much dounalds in Petersburg? Can u tell me..
wanna make sure this is kool. That ur really in Petersburg. Lol
Can u chat or no
Nice
I'm in the area alot
So r U naughty girl..lol
Omg. I hope u don't get me trouble..just saying
Yea . Driving..why?
I better behave..lol
Voice text
Not talking..flirting..lol
I'll watch my mouth..
Yea it is..14
Well true..it's not like I asked to Fingure bang U..lol
Silly..U don't know what Fingure bang is
Fingure bang What? Not saying..hell no
It's Fingure ur pussy
That's Fingure banging..lol
Yea
Same thing if u play with your self..no it's not painful.
You'll like it may be when ur older.
Less painful to hve it licked..but I better change the subject.
Not if it's done gentel
Said what
She said What
It's Amazing
Girls love it
I love doing that.
Yea really.. I love it
Love Laying a girl back. Getting my hands under her Ass and spreading her wide and licking gentel.
U should try it
Or on your hands and knees and getting licked from behind.
Omg. Yes
Dose anyone check ur phone. I better watch what I'm saying
K
Ok
Is she with you now?
U better delete everything
Me to
She would call the poo pos
And me
Serious
So..do u Ever play with your self When ur in bed..curious?
Like do u Get horny
Do u shave
Mmmmm
So it's bald or just a little
Pussy
Not real real hairy tho Rite
Guys Love to Lick it when it's bald. I like it mostly bald but with a little landing strip
Nice
Yea that's shaving on the sides like u do. But the hair in the middle is cut very low. Just a thin stripe in the center.
Kinda none on your pussy lips. Just top down the middle.
It's Hot looking
Easier to toung that way
So do u hve kik messenger to
It's ok
Can't send Pics on here..
Sucks
I don't know how on here
Only kik..
I know
Yea.. but who pays ur cell
And how do u know that won't pull up my number off the phone bill.
I would luv to tho. Can u do Pics that way?
Scared cause I'm older then 17
Or text to the same number..lol
Can u do Pics if u text tho
My yahoo isent working well
Maybe we can just for a bit
damn I wanted to see ur hot ass..lol
Yea..lol
U look curvy in ur profile pic.
Like u hve a Nice little ass
Ur not fat
U look thin
Omg..nice
So ur flexible
Can u Spread wide..
Omg
I wanna Lick that..lol
I know thatll never happen. I'm sure U can't Get out much.. Decoy: yes a split
Not like you get out much right
Park or something
Serious
U
R U serious
Park I mean
Will ur parents ask who ur hangen with
I'm not a creep..no worries..I promise.
I'm off around 4
That would be awesome
If I can trust u
Just meeting U I could be in some deep ShitMaddie Anne:: Me too lol
And what would u wanna do?
Ur thinking about letting me Lick it aren't U. Be honest. It's ok
U know Lick What...split
We won't
Yea
U
Yea..like walk on a trail or something
Well how close r U to mc dezz
Or r U closer to the park
Yes.. I won't kid nap U silly
Would u be at all interested in doing the split for me..lol
Let me climbe under you. Lol
Me face up..lol
Omg
Will u show me
Is one of those on the ground
Ohhhh myyy baby
I wanna lick U like that
U should let me try..ull love it
So wish U could get out later..hell Rite now...lol
What possible
Do what..eat U out
I will show u
If you'll let me try
Omg. Lay down on ur back. Put ur legs behind U.
I promise.. I'm not ruff
U hve to promise not to tell.
Yea..over ur head
Yea over ur head. I get behind ur head with ur pussy looking up at me while I Lick it.
I Soooo hope U can get out.
I can be up there around say 4:30 or so
Or just lay on ur back. Get ur legs around my neck..
Fuck.. that sucks..
Omg. I'm not like that
Wanna call me
And I would feel safeer if u called
K
No. .. my moms nosy
I'm usually home around 5..mom is very nosy. Yes mine
Yes. Better when I weren't home
Yes. Better when I weren't home
Tx me
*phone number removed*
Omg me i hope I can trust u
I'm scared too
Jail..Lol. 14
Yes
Yes
I swear i hope I can trust u..Omg
Scared
Yea..
decoy: Just how do I know u wouldn't set me up
What if u think it's groose for a 24 to get with u
And u set Me up..yea tell like ur bf or mom or cops..anyone
No..I really wanna meet up
I just wanna trust
And wanna Make u feel Amazing
An O ?
I bwswear to god.. ull be safe...I'm warm heartless and gentel
I will give u an orgazom
A great one
so great that you will want other times
Not heartless..gentel
Stupid phone
Stupid speach text
Warm hearted is what I meant
Hve U Ever sucked off a dick..or jerked one off
I'm very clean..and big down there...very Nice
I can teach u
Yes
Teach U how to play with it.
I wanna lick U more tho..
I wish today...damn
Do what?
No
Will have fun teaching u
If u wanna learn that is
It's ok
Not dumb
I won't laugh
Not Rite now
Work way to much
But if u like what u and I do. And I can trust U. We can meet up more
Can u sneak a phone call in.
Please
Just for a couple min
Please
Mmmmm..shower
Nice
Go out?
Really wanna hear ur voice. Will make me feel better. Nervous
Dance shoes yes
Ok...how long
Ok...how long
Do u wear thongs or little girl panties..
No. Not busy
Omg yes
Love thongs
Pull them side ways
Ok
Yes..Ide pull them sideways
Lick U with them on
I hope u do
K.
Touch it in the shower..lol
Yes
Do it
?
Thought U were gonna text when u Got out of the shower ?
Sorry..worried U know..trust thing..lol
See. Buddy of mine just went to jail and facing prison time for 8 yrs. He is 23 . He was messing around with a 15, she reported him. Crazy..and he was good to her. Makes no sense y She did it. She distorted his life
After he gets out. He has to register as a sex offender. He is ruiened. He she agreed to be with him. It's crazy.
Baby..shave that down close tonight. Just leave a little stripe just on the top. 
The rest of it bald. It will feel better that way for u when I Lick it.
Nothing on your lips. Smooth.
Hey babes 
Almost done with work. So glad 
Yea 
Nothing 
did u touch it in the shower. Lol 
That sucks 
Kinda..she's nosy 
Yea 
Whatcha doing now 
Yea 
I know the feeling 
Billy Joe Phone: Damn 
So did u put on some Hot thongs when u Got out of the shower 
Cell service sucks at my house 
I live near the state forest 
It's horrible 
Yes 
Hope U can get out tomorrow 
Yes..wild animal s 
Billy Joe Phone: Ok 
Grandfather? 
I'm not old 
Wish U could call me now for like a min 
Send me a couple Pics of u ok 
Billy Joe Phone: Omg. Never..I hve to walk to the park anyway 
Can't take deliver trucks in there. I hve to like park near mc dounalds 
I will be on foot..that should make u feel safeer 
It's big. Can't bring trucks this size in the park. 
I can run..y ? 
That is y I wanted to see if u were allowed to walk to mc dounalds 
I'm not crazy silly 
Phone don't get out at my house. I swear. 
I know it sucks. I'm Soooo sorry. In July phone come is putting a cell tower there tho 
6Am 
Yeaaa 
Yes 
Billy Joe Phone: Damn I wanna see u..lol 
Well . Since I won't see u today me i will be home by 5 
yes....pic 
Hummmm .ok 
That u can't Fr. Phone 
Sucks 
Lol 
Y can't u 
What's wrong wit phone 
But she stopped the pic text on ur cell 
Billy Joe Phone: Ohhhh ok 
Mmmmm...thong Pics..bent over in the mirror... 
Billy Joe Phone: Or splits..lol 
She won't...ur sneaky 
Lol 
No net 
Soooooo sorry 
Looking forward to it. 
Will miss U..lol 
Billy Joe Phone: Ok 
Mwaaaa 
I hope u figure it out 
Billy Joe Phone: Delete all.. 
Admit it tho. U Want that licked softly don't u. Since we been talking about it. It sounds good Rite. 
That's my girl 
Yes...my girl 
Awwwww 
Take sum Pics tonight alone in ur room. Upload them to ur computer so u can send them to me tomorrow ok..will u 
Wanna see how far U can split...lol 
Damn..and was gonna see if I could come by that way around 2 today, but now u say she's working from home..and around 6 I will already be Home. It's kool. We will work something out later on in the future...
Would of been great if she was gone , n U could of just snuck me in. This way u could Of just Been at Ur own home instead of walking to the park. You're bedroom..that would be Hot.
Would of been great if she was gone , n U could of just snuck me in. This way u could Of just Been at Ur own home instead of walking to the park. You're bedroom..that would be Hot.
Omg.. I'm not crazy. Lol
Just thought it would be easier for us that way.
Hey mads 
Wrote U on mm 
Whatcha up 2 
No 
Annoying? 
What's the difference writing in there 
It's ok 
Can u send Pics Fr your com 
I wake up 4 am every day at work by 5:45 am. Home by 5:30 at night. 
Mom gets dinner ready by then 
Sounds good 
U said u can send Pics from Ur computer. Will u 
No..not mad 
When baby 
Bad? 
Y 
I kno 
Just Wanna Make sure Ur not Gonna turn me in..wish I knew a way u could prove U won't 
I do know a way I could trust U. Can u Take Pics. Upload to ur computer then send them to me. What ever Pics U Take and add to ur computer. U can eras so mom don't see them. Lol 
Yeah and u would ruiened my life....forever 
Your best friend.. or boy friend? 
No..no one..plz 
Well. I was thinking. If I got a pic of u in your thongs doing a wide split Laying down. I would kno then u were serious about us. And I could trust U. That would be some serious proff Rite. 
I am kool. 
Just keep me safe..plzzz 
U hve to admit..that would be good proof tho Rite..the pic. 
I will keep U safe.....safe and sound....lol 
Billy Joe Phone: Omg...baby.. i swear on us..own my own life...I would Delete them off my phone 
My mom sometimes borrows my phone on the weekend when I don't work. She don't have one...I erase everything...I swear it. 
Billy Joe Phone: Ok....short shorts 
Real short..but Sexy..that's clean ain't it. 
Plzzzzz 
Billy Joe Phone: Okay.. send those other Pics of u can u 
I can Take Sexy Pics on cam without nudity..I swear it will help me feel at ease.. 
Well the one I asked for in thong..U wouldn't even hve to hve Ur face in it.. 
Just a nice Amazing split..lol 
I swear.. I like u 
I won't play U..I thought about u all night. 
If I had my way..I would be willing to wait for us to be together when Ur older 
I would wait....4.U. 
Yesssssssss 
I kept thinking about laying next to you And holding you from behind 
I swear i thought about you all night 
I like you more than you know i just wanna trust you 
What would what mean 
we are so f***** if we get caught 
you can call me while walking the dog 
Put your phone in your pocket 
Take it outside and call me 
Hold on k 
I don't hve one. But I know my sisters old gmail it still works. She is never ever on it. She only uses all now. She left her gmail account in my cell when she borrowed it one day. Pass word is Still there, I just checked. 
U need to put me in ur cell contact list under a girl. Play it safe. 
U think of a name..something you will remember 
I just sent you a message To gmail . It says, hey maddie 
From. *edited sister's account* 
Its my sisters she never uses it. I don't even think she remembers the password..lol i still have the password in my phone..ha ha 
K.. 
Billy Joe Phone: Omg I wish U had Ur cam..it would be Soooo fun..lol 
K....my girl.... 
Beautiful 
Love the one in the tan pants / blood shirt..wow 
It's ok..I love pictures 
Yeah 
What the Pics U just mention 
Billy Joe Phone: How come yesterday U could chat all day..:( 
I c 
Plz do..lol 
Billy Joe Phone: Ohhhh ok 
So r U a little more excited about spreading for me while I Lick U softly and gentel.. 
Tell the truth..I know u thought about it in bed last night..lok 
I won't...very soft 
Mmmmmm. Nice 
So u played a little...U did didn't U. 
Thinking of it 
It doesn't hurt 
Feels beautiful 
Yes U will love it 
Billy Joe Phone: Ohhhh U will baby 
U will cream 
I'll start licking with Ur thongs on. Get those panties all wet. 
Would be easier when we meet up to not wear jeans. Running pants or something. Easier in the park.. 
Billy Joe Phone: Omg..yes 
I was going to suggest a skirt But i didn't want your mom to get suspicious If you went walking in a, skirt 
No..there's lots of trails in the park 
I'll eatYour pussy out in the woods..U will be Sooooo turned on 
Billy Joe Phone: Does she ever let you walk to mcdonalds for an ice cream 
Well then it's easy 
How far of a walk is it to mc dounalds from Ur house 
You won't have to be paranoid with me...i swear it's safe 
If she let's U walk most places.. we should be able to meet up easily maddie 
Ur just scared and nervous..U don't hve to be baby 
What the Pics U just mention 
Billy Joe Phone: How come yesterday U could chat all day..:( 
I c 
Plz do..lol 
Billy Joe Phone: Ohhhh ok 
So r U a little more excited about spreading for me while I Lick U softly and gentel.. 
Tell the truth..I know u thought about it in bed last night..lok 
I won't...very soft 
Mmmmmm. Nice 
So u played a little...U did didn't U. 
Thinking of it 
It doesn't hurt 
Feels beautiful 
Yes U will love it 
Billy Joe Phone: Ohhhh U will baby 
U will cream 
I'll start licking with Ur thongs on. Get those panties all wet. 
Would be easier when we meet up to not wear jeans. Running pants or something. Easier in the park.. 
Billy Joe Phone: Omg..yes 
I was going to suggest a skirt But i didn't want your mom to get suspicious If you went walking in a, skirt 
No..there's lots of trails in the park 
I'll eatYour pussy out in the woods..U will be Sooooo turned on 
Billy Joe Phone: Does she ever let you walk to mcdonalds for an ice cream 
Well then it's easy 
How far of a walk is it to mc dounalds from Ur house 
You won't have to be paranoid with me...i swear it's safe 
If she let's U walk most places.. we should be able to meet up easily maddie 
Ur just scared and nervous..U don't hve to be baby 
What if you walk to mcdonalds And i've waited in the parking lot with my truck. You could sit in the truck and we could talk for a while. Then if you felt comfortable. I could put my hand in your panties..and we could take it from there 
I would have you so excited 
Plzzzzzz 
I promise it will be ok 
In fact once you see me you will wanna see me more 
Billy Joe Phone: Once i excite you you will want more On different days 
Please take the chance and trust me...plzzzzz madds 
Even though you're scared does it make you horny to think about it 
That's beautiful 
Then i promise you will have fun 
The more we do stuff the more you will want to see me 
The scared feeling will go away 
And you will always feel excited to see me 
Like.. in, a non sexual way 
Well i'm looking forward to teaching you things..how to handle a boys dick..how to play with it and lick it..does that sound exciting 
I know. Do you think it would be fun to learn 
Everything i do i do gentle 
I won't 
I would never think that 
And yes i love butts..lol 
I will teach U ..it would turn me on to teach you..i think it would be fun 
Billy Joe Phone: Ok...kind of like an older teacher with a young hot student...lol 
No..you will be my first 
But i'm looking forward to teaching you 
We won't worry about none of that right now 
I'll just lick your pussy The first time we meet up 
U will be special... 
When we hang..I will just slip my hand in ur panties..see how u feel. Unless you're not wearing panties...Mmmmm 
Billy Joe Phone: Omg...I would never hurt U.. 
no way 
Very very slow 
Yes as much as you can get out to see me 
I will want to see you over and over 
But we have to be very careful about it 
I will spoil you 
My little girl.. 
I promise 
You have to meet up with me first..take the chance..so you will see how good i will be to you 
promise 
I will love U.. 
trust me..its hard for me to trust you as well 
It crosses my mind that you will set me up..its normal for me to think that 
That's why i said one kinky pic would help..or for you to call me 
yes 
i will be home 
i wish you could walk to mcdonalds today.. 
Billy Joe Phone: Or park..even for just a half an hour 
yes 
I won't. 
But i thought you said you could walk anywhere anytime 
I have a bit of an idea 
you can take the dog out walking..she won't get suspicious over that 
Is there like a trail near your house somewhere 
Kinda like a private spot i can walk to and meet you 
Take the dog with you it won't look bad like that 
i know you're scared and nervous..but if you don't meet me the first time..then how will you any other time. If you can walk anywhere you want anytime.. 
K 
The dog walk was a great plan 
Well will u atleast make me some Hot Pics before we meet, then I will kno Ur serious.. 
Maybe wear that little skirt..thong under it..Spread and web pic under Ur skirt...it won't Hve Ur face in it.. 
Sat and sun were supposed to go to ky to see family. 
U said later Ur making Hot Pics? 
Billy Joe Phone: Damn I wanna see i so ducking bad madds 
I'm not going to beg for force you to come see me..i won't put you in that predicament..i'm not going to stress you out like that 
K 
Billy Joe Phone: Ok. ..hey U r the only one that can get into Ur gmail Rite..anyone else Hve the pass word.. 
Who set it up tho 
Billy Joe Phone: Didn't want Ur parents looking into who was sending U mail Silly 
We both agreed we have to be smart 
Yea y? 
Yeah why what are you thinking 
K 
Yea, But u don't kno what time she will go 
Hard For me to plan if u don't know what time 
Ain't it easier to tell her you're going to go for a walk..if we're careful she won't see us together 
I will be off around 330 today 
Can't you just go for a walk it's a nice day out 
trying to think of something To make it easier on you. Okay are there any woods around your house..like a walking trail? 
Billy Joe Phone: Okay 
It's ok..I understand 
Ik 
Billy Joe Phone: Ok..lol 
Billy Joe Phone: Did you see the new pictures i sent you to the gmail...ha ha 
Example pics of how i would like you to do 
or something close to it 
i swear to god if you did pics like that i would know you were serious 
Yea...I would love to take Pics of u 
I will 
Always make sure you delete all of your gmail i sent 
Any pics i take of u i will only keep for a couple of days and delete them 
Honest 
Sent Pics..gmail..not sure if you got them right away 
Check 
Maybe i'm not your type. Lol i guess you'll just have to look and see 
awwww..really 
Honestly 
Ur sweet 
wanna see how beautiful my cock is...do u..lol 
Not sure if it would turn you on or not 
What do you mean maybe i wanna send it 
you can't be serious you've never seen one 
So you have seen a real one just not one you have like 
I just pulled it out while driving...lol..it's crazy but i sent it..please delete it i don't want anyone to see it 
So you have googled cocks..nice. mY naughty little girl 
Yeah i'm pretty big 
Billy Joe Phone: Do you like it 
I wanna rub it on your tight little virgin pussy 
Billy Joe Phone: Don't worri..I won't try to put it in.. I promise 
Well that sucks you're even more nervous now than you were before..lol.. maybe i shouldn't have sent that picture 
Gonna teach U how to Lick it..go down on it sum..jerk it til it explodes. 
Thank u 
Billy Joe Phone: Do you think you would like to watch it orgasm 
i'm going to turn you into such a naughty little girl 
U will love fooling around..U will see 
U will baby 
Wanna see what position i would love to lick your pussy In.. 
K..hold on 
It's there. Check 
S*** it says its still sending 
I sent two tho 
You think you would want to try that..bent over while i lick it 
No way..it would be so much fun in the woods 
So do you have firm hard little titties 
i promise to be careful i swear 
i wish there was something i could do to make you trust me.. 
Billy Joe Phone: Delete all your gmail and text messages 
I like them small 
Tomorrow....uuhhhhhh :):(
What tomorrow 
around what time..after 4 Rite? 
Problem After 4 
But if i had a couple hours notice..i could probably skip out on the later part of the day 
If u don't have dance tomorrow..anytime after 4 
Y 
Hey someone called my cell but I didn't answer..number was from laurenceburg Indiana..Omg Ur dad don't live there Dose he...just that no one calls my cell that I don't kno. 
What after 12 
So Ur saying Ur mom leaves around 12? 
If Ur serious..I can call my boss. And take off early.. 
But u will probably change Ur mind tomorrow. Or tell me Ur mom didn't leave..and I call the boss for nothing..r U sure baby 
Unwilling be there if Ur not lieing or back out on me..if you don't go...I won't trust U to me meet Ever again..U swear? 
Cause I would have to call now so I can get off earlier tomorrow 
What time Dose she Come back 
Plz keep Ur promiss and I swear U can trust me.. 
Billy Joe Phone: Omg..we hve a few hours 
What u gonna wear baby 
I'm very Nice..promise 
Thonng... 
Billy Joe Phone: Do u have a silk one 
U pick.... 
Billy Joe Phone: Or lace 
Pink is Hot..or white..it's up to u 
I don't kno if u wear a skirt if anyone at the park would be suspeciace 
It's normal to be nervous. 
I'm gonna start walking up that way around noon. 
Billy Joe Phone: Omg..good idea...leggins and skirt over 
No bra ok....none 
Want my hands on Ur titties....yeaaaaa 
Text me tomorrow around noon ok 
Shave fresh tonight...lol 
Just a little stripe...can u? 
Billy Joe Phone: Omg..I hope I can trust U. And u haven't told anyone..I'm nervous too 
We can meet up as soon as I kno Ur there..don't kno yet. Will check it out tomorrow ok.. 
Before U leave the house ok. 
U kno the park better than me. Maybe we can meet at the pond area 
I will i swear...treat U like the flower U r 
What color skirt..Jean..short or longer 
Yea..cabin house..bye 
Omg. Can't stop thinking about u
View this Photo in the MeetMe App!
Yes
Flowers
I should walk the park and see where a good spot would be for when we meet up..
Good and bad news..the good news is I will still be there tomorrow. Bad news is the earliest I can get off work is around 12:45 I should be there around 1:30 just a little bit later ok..text me in the morning baby.
Really surprised U Didn't write me back. Everything ok?
Let me kno if something changes and she dnt desire to go to work ok. Hopefully it all works out tho.
Ok
Wow Ur up early 
awwww 
Been nervous all morn..lol 
Whats that website 
no 
I didn't 
Nope 
How do you know your mom won't come home while you're out today 
I don't know my phone is weird 
Like don't she think you're at home doing school stuff while she's gone 
I'm just thinking it would be safer if i came to your house..that way if she came home. You would still be there And i could weave out the back or something 
I meant leave. Lol 
This way she would think you were home the whole time 
I'm just trying to play it smart 
What might be ok 
While i was there we could keep an eye on the driveway..and windows..less chance of getting cought 
Baby. I swear. Ur house would be better. 
I'm just afraid Someone would see us at the park together. 
You were going to call me before we met remember..that way you would feel better. 
Most people that would see you at the prk think you should be in school remember 
Wanted to hear Ur voice tho before we met 
Tell u What..put Ur cell on silent Rite now ok. U will see it light up when i call. 
Mum won't hear it 
Ok 
I just hope I can trust u 
How close do u live Fr the prk 
Were gonna I promise 
How close tho..5min 15 min? 
Like how far of a walk 
Thinking about? 
The excitement? 
Mmmmm. What kind of thong..silk, lace, cotton? 
No...promise 
Cotton pink or silky? 
Ohhhh myyyyy. Yes 
U did 
Like? 
Tell me..how....like how did u leave it. 
Nice 
Wow....nice 
It's ok 
So how did u find out her schedule...if the times weren't on her calendar 
U said if u asked her she would wonder 
Oh ok 
I c..Lol 
Sweet baby....lol 
U must be tired 
U might fall asleep and not wake up and I won't c U. Lol 
Yes....U hve nothing to worrie about 
You can call my phone when your mom leaves right 
There shouldn't be any reason why you can't rite 
Ohhhh 
I c 
K 
Yeah but you were going to call me after 6 last night though And she still would have seen that call 
I get off of work around 1 
Yes you are right good thinking 
Gotcha 
So last night when you were laying awake. Were you thinking about my mouth on your pussy 
Slipping my fingers in your panties 
Did that pic get you excited 
When you were thinking about That pic. You were thinking about how you wanna try touching it? 
No that's not bad that's good 
I'm nervous to trust me 
Yea 
Are you going to tx when she leaves 
Can't text that part..lol 
I'm glad you liked it 
Yes its a very nice 
You did what? Liked it 
Yea 
Let's see how many people are there 
And if there's a trail that's easy to get to without being seen ok 
Kinda cool Rite now 
Supposed to warm up. U could bring a sweater. It's up to u 
I wouldn't get dressed until she leaves 
You don't want her getting suspicious 
What color hoodie 
Text me when she leaves So i know for sure to go 
ok 
Me too 
Excited 
Sweet 
Sounds good
I'm still nervous. Lol
Look. I'm a good person. Not crazy like all the stuff people warn others about. I will treat U like gold..spoil and love U with kindness
I don't hve a meen bone in my body.
I'm gentel and warm.
I've never done this before either, the 14.thing . It's scary .
Scary to think u may feel I'm a creep or a perv because I'm older
I like u
But i have also thought of the possibility of something
Because of the entire 14 thing
you could set me up and have the popo at the park
Yea bit don't u hve meetme on Ur cell
Ain't it the same as texting on your phone
I really don't want my phone number showing up on her phone bill a lot
It still shows up in sms messages
Look i'm excited to meet you too and have a great time
I'm just scared about all of the other possibilities
What time Dose she leave?
No 
I wanna go badly..trust me 
Just don't wanna get hauled off in a striped car with numbers on it cause U set me up. I get there and get the surprise of my life . 
With u not being legal and u doing that. It's a possibility I've thought of.. 
U would not be in trouble . 
They would see you as a hero Because i'm older . 
You don't even have to do anything wrong..just getting me there to meet you Isn't doing anything wrong on your part 
But yes all i have thought about is being with you 
Starting to feel something for you 
But I wanna trust you so bad 
How do i know you haven't told your mom, and you're both trying to get me there..you have to admit anything is possible 
You do know its normal for me to think about this right..all of the possibilities and what could go wrong 
Omg..Yea Rite 
You have my phone number and your mom has my phone records. My sisters boyfriends gmail account 
We're still going to meet today i just hope everything will be ok 
All i wanna do is hold you At first until were both comfortable ok 
Take it slow 
I'm just as scared and excited as you are 
Less than 3 hours away Now.... 
I promise to make your day nice 
Just don't ruin my life please.. 
ok 
What time do you think you're going to start walking there 
If u Get there before me..Rite before the pond and that little house..there are picnic tables under like a coverd building. If no one is sitting there. U could go there.. 
Ok.. tell me when u start heading there ok and Tx when she leaves plz 
Hope she really is going to work...lol 
K....Omg. she don't kno Ur texting Rite... 
Ok get sum work done 
Erase Plzzzzz everything 
? 
Ok 
Ok..did u change clothes 
Ok..change..lol...when I leaving 
As soon as u change ok 
Meet U there 
I'm almost there Baby 
It's a beautiful day 
Little windy..but pretty 
Yea. Hurry. What kind of skirt so I kno what to look for. Short or long..Jean? 
No bra...lol 
Ok....what entrance U going in. At the big curvy top of hill? 
Ok 
Ok..go threw the back..is the back closer to the pond 
Jean black hoddi 
Ok. Tell me when u made it there 
No worries...I promise 
Ok. 
Let me know when Ur here ok. 
No 
Go by play area.. 
Lots of people working here..could be hard...just keep coming tho 
When u get here. We can meet up and walk together for a while and just talk ok. 
I found a good spot....trust me..but we gotta walk together first..play it careful 
